CVE-2024-9968 describes a critical SQL injection vulnerability in NewType’s
deprecated WebEIP v3.0 web application platform, stemming from improper
neutralization of user-supplied input within SQL queries. The vulnerability
allows remote attackers with standard (non-privileged) access to inject
arbitrary SQL commands, resulting in unauthorized data disclosure, tampering,
and potential deletion of backend database records. Technically, the root cause
is an absence of rigorous input sanitization within the application's database
interaction logic, enabling malicious inputs—such as specially crafted form
submissions or HTTP parameters—to bypass intended query structures and execute
directly within the SQL execution context. Exploitation requires only network
access and does not depend on user interaction, leveraging default web
communication channels like HTTP(S). No specialized preconditions are necessary
beyond access to the application’s exposed interfaces, making this threat highly
tractable and attractive for attackers. Because the attacker can operate with
low privileges yet impact core database operations, the implication is a severe
breach of confidentiality, integrity, and availability. Real-world exploitation
scenarios include unauthorized exfiltration of sensitive business records,
manipulation of employee or customer information, suppression of logging
mechanisms, and full deletion of transactional datasets, potentially disrupting
business continuity. Given that WebEIP v3.0 is no longer actively maintained,
and a patched successor is available, mitigation should prioritize immediate
migration to the updated product line, as no vendor support or security patches
will be forthcoming. Organizations continuing to use WebEIP should consider
isolating affected systems from the internet, applying web application firewalls
with SQL injection signatures, and conducting source code audits for input
validation hygiene, although these measures are significantly less effective
than full decommissioning. The scope of impact extends beyond the web
application itself to its backend components, further intensifying the security
posture degradation. Based strictly on the provided metadata and supporting
evidence, including CVSS metric rationale, technical detail, and impact analysis
from TWNCERT and NVD references, this threat intelligence assessment is
delivered with high confidence.