CVE-2024-9946 identifies a critical authentication bypass vulnerability
affecting all versions of the Super Socializer plugin for WordPress, which
facilitates social sharing, login, and commenting functionalities. The root
cause stems from insufficient verification of the user information returned by
social login tokens, specifically failing to validate the authenticity and
integrity of the token before granting access. This flaw allows unauthenticated
attackers to impersonate existing users by exploiting the social login
mechanism, provided they know the email address associated with a user account
and that the account has not already linked with the social login provider. The
exploitation mechanism involves sending a crafted social login request that the
plugin erroneously accepts without proper validation, effectively bypassing the
authentication process. Technically, the vulnerability exploits the plugin’s
failure to verify the social login token's origin, signature, or validity,
enabling attackers to log in as any user with a known email, including,
potentially, administrative accounts if social login is enabled for them. From a
CVSS perspective, the attack vector is remote over the network, requiring no
physical access or local privileges, and the attack complexity is low because it
hinges on the attacker’s knowledge of a target email and the absence of
additional conditions. The attack requires no user interaction, as it can be
initiated independently by the attacker, and the scope remains within the
application, affecting only the affected WordPress site. The impact on
confidentiality is high because successful exploitation grants access to user
data, including sensitive personal information, and potentially administrative
privileges if social login is enabled for such accounts. The integrity impact is
similarly high, as an attacker can modify user data, content, or settings once
logged in as the compromised user, leading to malicious alterations or
misinformation. The impact on availability is low, as the vulnerability does not
inherently cause service outages but could be used to facilitate further
malicious activities that disrupt normal operations. The overall CVSS score,
based on these metrics, is indicative of a critical severity, emphasizing the
importance of prompt mitigation. Real-world exploitation scenarios include
attackers harvesting email addresses from data leaks or social engineering, then
leveraging automated scripts to send social login requests with manipulated
tokens, effectively gaining unauthorized access to user accounts without
detection. Such exploits could be used to hijack user profiles, steal sensitive
data, or escalate privileges if administrative accounts are compromised.
Mitigation strategies involve updating the plugin to the patched version 7.13.68
or later, which partially addresses the flaw by improving token verification,
and applying additional server-side validation of social login tokens, such as
signature verification and token validation against the social provider’s API.
Disabling social login temporarily until patches are deployed can also reduce
risk. Administrators should review user account configurations, especially those
with elevated privileges, and enforce strong, multi-factor authentication for
administrative access. Regular security audits and monitoring for unusual login
activity can help detect exploitation attempts. Given the transparency of the
vulnerability details, the availability of patches, and the widespread use of
the affected plugin, confidence in this threat intelligence is high, supported
by official advisories, vulnerability reports, and corroborating evidence from
security researchers and plugin changelogs. Overall, CVE-2024-9946 presents a
significant risk to WordPress sites utilizing the Super Socializer plugin with
social login features enabled, necessitating immediate attention to patching and
validation procedures to prevent unauthorized access and potential subsequent
malicious activities.