CVE-2024-9929 pertains to a critical security flaw identified in Hitachi
Energy's NSD570 Teleprotection Equipment version 1.0, which allows any
authenticated user to access all device logs, thereby disclosing sensitive login
information along with timestamps. The root cause of this vulnerability stems
from improper access controls within the device’s log management subsystem,
specifically a failure to enforce strict authorization checks on log retrieval
functions. Exploitation occurs when an authenticated user, who already possesses
login credentials, leverages the device’s web interface or network management
protocols to retrieve logs containing operational metadata, including usernames,
login times, and potentially other sensitive details. This flaw is primarily due
to a CWE-497 classification, indicating exposure of sensitive system information
to an unauthorized control sphere, which highlights inadequate access
restrictions. From a technical standpoint, the vulnerability's attack vector is
network-based, as the attacker can exploit it remotely over the device’s network
interface, assuming they have valid credentials. The attack complexity is low
because it requires no additional steps beyond authentication; once logged in,
the attacker can directly access the logs without needing to bypass other
security layers. Privileges required are low as well, since even users with
basic access rights can perform log retrieval, and no elevated privileges are
necessary. The attack does not necessitate user interaction beyond initial
login, nor does it impact the device’s operational availability or data
integrity, as the vulnerability solely involves read access to logs. The scope
remains unchanged because the flaw is confined within the device itself, not
affecting other systems or components. The confidentiality impact is high
because the disclosure of login credentials and timestamps can facilitate
further attacks, such as credential stuffing or targeted reconnaissance,
especially if logs contain sensitive operational or user information. The
integrity and availability impacts are negligible, as the vulnerability does not
allow data modification or service disruption. In real-world scenarios,
malicious actors could exploit this flaw by first compromising a user account
with valid credentials, then remotely accessing the device’s logs to harvest
login patterns, identify administrative accounts, or gather operational
intelligence, which could be leveraged for subsequent attacks or espionage
activities. Mitigation strategies include implementing strict access controls
and permissions on log access functions, ensuring that only authorized personnel
with appropriate privileges can retrieve sensitive logs, and applying firmware
updates or patches from Hitachi Energy that address this flaw. Additionally,
network segmentation and multi-factor authentication can reduce the risk of
credential compromise, thereby limiting exploitation opportunities. Regular
audit and monitoring of access logs for unusual activity can also help detect
potential misuse early. Given the detailed technical analysis, the high
confidentiality impact, and the straightforward exploitation mechanism,
confidence in this threat intelligence is high, supported by official CVE
documentation, vendor advisories, and the comprehensive technical root cause
analysis. Overall, organizations deploying NSD570 devices should prioritize
immediate review of access controls, apply available patches, and enforce strict
authentication policies to mitigate the risk posed by CVE-2024-9929, thereby
safeguarding sensitive operational data from unauthorized disclosure.