CVE-2024-9983 pertains to a critical vulnerability in the Ragic Enterprise Cloud
Database, affecting all versions prior to the patch deployed on August 8, 2024,
which stems from improper validation of a specific page parameter, leading to a
relative path traversal flaw that allows unauthenticated remote attackers to
read arbitrary system files. The root cause lies in insufficient sanitization of
user-supplied input within the web application's request handling logic, whereby
the 'page' parameter can be manipulated to traverse directory structures using
sequences like "../../" to access files outside the intended directory scope.
Exploitation involves sending crafted HTTP requests containing malicious path
traversal strings to the vulnerable endpoint, which fails to properly restrict
or validate the input, resulting in the server reading and returning sensitive
files such as configuration files, credential stores, or system logs. This
mechanism exploits the lack of input validation combined with the server's file
handling logic, enabling attackers to bypass security controls and access
confidential data without authentication or user interaction. The
vulnerability's attack vector is purely network-based, requiring no user
credentials, no privilege escalation, and no prior access, making it highly
accessible to any attacker with network connectivity. The attack complexity is
low, as it relies on straightforward request crafting without the need for
timing, race conditions, or environmental conditions, and the scope remains
within the same security boundary, although it impacts confidentiality by
exposing sensitive data, with no impact on system integrity or availability. In
real-world scenarios, threat actors could leverage this flaw to exfiltrate
sensitive configuration files, API keys, or user data, potentially facilitating
further attacks such as privilege escalation or lateral movement within
compromised environments. Mitigation involves implementing rigorous input
validation to sanitize and restrict the 'page' parameter, ensuring it cannot
traverse directories or access files outside designated paths, and deploying the
latest patches provided by Ragic that address this flaw. Additional safeguards
include configuring the web server to enforce strict access controls, disabling
directory listing, and monitoring for unusual request patterns indicative of
traversal attempts. Given the detailed technical analysis and the publicly
available evidence, confidence in this intelligence is high, supported by
official advisories and technical assessments that confirm the root cause,
exploitation mechanism, and impact scope. The overall risk remains significant
due to the ease of exploitation, the high confidentiality impact, and the
widespread deployment of affected versions, emphasizing the importance of prompt
remediation to prevent potential data breaches and system compromise.