CVE-2024-9960 describes a use-after-free vulnerability within the Dawn graphics
abstraction layer in Google Chrome, affecting versions prior to 130.0.6723.58.
The flaw stems from improper handling of memory during the rendering process of
HTML content, where the browser's internal heap management fails to correctly
free and reuse memory resources associated with Dawn objects. An attacker can
craft a malicious HTML page that, when loaded by an unsuspecting victim,
triggers the use-after-free condition during rendering, leading to heap
corruption. This exploitation mechanism relies on the attacker controlling the
content delivered over the network, making the attack vector remote and
accessible via standard web browsing, with no need for local access or privilege
escalation. The attackerâ€™s success hinges on convincing the victim to visit or
interact with the malicious webpage, thus requiring user interaction and making
the attack dependent on social engineering or phishing tactics. The root cause
lies in a flaw within the Dawn component's memory management routines, where
dangling pointers are not properly invalidated after freeing memory, allowing
subsequent operations to access or modify freed memory regions, which can be
exploited to achieve arbitrary memory disclosure or code execution within the
browser process. From a technical standpoint, the exploitation involves
carefully crafted HTML and possibly JavaScript payloads that induce specific
rendering sequences, exploiting the timing window where the use-after-free
occurs, thus enabling heap corruption. The CVSS assessment for this
vulnerability indicates a high severity, primarily due to its network-based
attack vector, low complexity, and the absence of privileges required, combined
with the significant impacts on confidentiality, integrity, and availability. An
attacker can remotely trigger the flaw without user privileges, but must
persuade the user to visit a malicious webpage, which constitutes user
interaction. The scope remains unchanged, confined within the Chrome process,
meaning the exploit does not escalate privileges or affect other system
components directly. In real-world scenarios, this vulnerability could be
exploited in phishing campaigns or malicious advertising, where users are lured
into visiting compromised websites that serve the crafted HTML content,
potentially leading to data leakage, browser crashes, or even remote code
execution if combined with other vulnerabilities. Mitigation strategies include
promptly updating Chrome to version 130.0.6723.58 or later, where Google has
addressed the flaw by implementing more robust memory handling and validation
routines within Dawn. Users should also employ standard security best practices
such as enabling automatic updates, deploying web filtering solutions to block
malicious sites, and educating users about the risks of visiting untrusted
links. Given the technical details, the exploitability, and the high impact on
user data and browser stability, confidence in this threat intelligence is high,
supported by official vendor advisories, detailed vulnerability analysis, and
the availability of proof-of-concept exploit code in the wild. Overall,
CVE-2024-9960 poses a significant threat to Chrome users, especially those who
frequently browse untrusted or malicious websites, emphasizing the importance of
timely patching and vigilant security practices.