CVE-2024-9999 describes a critical vulnerability in WS_FTP Server versions prior
to 8.8.9 (2022.0.9), maintained by Progress Software Corporation, involving a
flawed implementation of the authentication algorithm within its Web Transfer
Module. The defect centers on the mishandling of second-factor verification,
whereby a logic bypass allows a user to authenticate solely with a valid
username and password, effectively disabling multifactor authentication
enforcement. This server-side authentication oversight stems from improper
integration or invocation of the second-factor check within the Web Transfer
Module’s login flow, likely due to missing condition evaluation or faulty
override logic that fails to trigger the intended verification sequence post
primary credential validation. The vulnerability is remotely exploitable over
standard internet protocols, with the attack surface exposed via the Web
Transfer Module’s public interface, making systems reachable across internal or
external networks susceptible to unauthorized access attempts. Attack complexity
is minimal, as exploitation does not require manipulation of server states,
timing conditions, or exceptional environmental configurations; an attacker
merely needs to possess valid credentials, which may be obtained through
phishing, credential stuffing, or reuse from prior breaches. Although
authenticated access is prerequisite, elevated privileges are not, and no
legitimate user interaction is necessary—an adversary operating independently
may craft a login attempt that bypasses the secondary check. The impact remains
contained within the authentication boundary of the Web Transfer Module,
affecting only the scope of components governed by this module. Once access is
gained, threat actors can retrieve sensitive information such as proprietary
files or user data, with potential to alter or corrupt stored assets, leading to
notable compromise of both confidentiality and integrity. While availability is
not directly degraded by the flaw itself, subsequent misuse—such as mass file
operations or resource exhaustion—could indirectly affect service uptime.
Real-world scenarios may include targeted intrusions where valid credentials are
sourced through dark web marketplaces, and the vulnerability is used to pivot
into protected environments typically guarded by multifactor authentication,
enabling surveillance, theft, and manipulation without triggering conventional
alerting thresholds. Mitigation requires immediate application of service pack
updates that enforce proper algorithm sequencing and verification logic as
introduced in version 8.8.9. Where updates cannot be applied swiftly,
organizations are advised to implement web application firewalls capable of
monitoring authentication requests for anomalies, enforce credential rotation,
and establish alerts for multifactor bypass attempts. Based on available vendor
communications and comprehensive CVSS analysis, there is high confidence in the
validity, severity, and exploitability of this vulnerability, warranting urgent
attention and remediation to prevent unauthorized access through authentication
circumvention.