CVE-2024-9957 is a use-after-free vulnerability affecting Google Chrome on iOS
versions prior to 130.0.6723.58, arising from improper memory management within
the browserâ€™s UI component. Specifically, the flaw is triggered when a user
interacts with a maliciously crafted HTML page in a manner that causes the
browser to access memory after it has been freed, leading to potential heap
corruption. The root cause lies in the UI layer's failure to properly manage
object lifecycles during asynchronous event handling, particularly when user
gestures such as taps or swipes are processed in conjunction with dynamic DOM
manipulations. This creates a race condition where a UI element may be
deallocated while still being referenced by event handlers or rendering
routines, resulting in undefined behavior. Exploitation requires the attacker to
craft a web page that manipulates the DOM in a precise sequence while inducing
the user to perform specific gestures, such as tapping on interactive elements,
thereby triggering the vulnerable code path. Although the attacker must rely on
user interaction, the conditions for successful exploitation are relatively
straightforward to reproduce, especially in controlled phishing scenarios or
through embedded content in compromised websites. The vulnerability is remotely
exploitable over the network, requiring no prior authentication or privileges,
and the attacker can initiate the exploit simply by luring the user to a
malicious webpage. While the flaw does not inherently lead to information
disclosure or compromise of data integrity, successful exploitation may result
in application crashes or, in more advanced cases, arbitrary code execution
depending on heap layout and mitigation bypasses, thereby impacting
availability. The risk is assessed as moderate due to the need for user
interaction and the absence of direct confidentiality or integrity violations,
but the potential for heap corruption elevates the concern, particularly if
leveraged in conjunction with other vulnerabilities. In real-world scenarios,
attackers could exploit this flaw by embedding malicious HTML in phishing
emails, social media posts, or compromised websites, enticing users to interact
with the content in a way that triggers the vulnerability, potentially leading
to browser crashes or more severe outcomes if combined with a sandbox escape. To
mitigate this issue, users should update to Chrome version 130.0.6723.58 or
later, which includes a patch that corrects the memory management logic in the
UI component, ensuring that references to deallocated objects are properly
nullified or retained until safe release. Administrators should enforce mobile
browser updates through MDM policies and educate users on the risks of
interacting with unsolicited web content. Given the technical clarity of the
vulnerability, the availability of a patch, and the consistency of the behavior
across affected versions, the confidence level in this assessment is high.