CVE-2024-9920 is a critical remote code execution vulnerability affecting all
versions of the parisneo/lollms-webui application, specifically related to its
file upload functionality within the 'Send file to AL' feature. The core issue
stems from improper validation and handling of uploaded files, which can include
dangerous extensions such as .py, .sh, or .bat, allowing an attacker to upload
malicious scripts or executables. The root cause lies in the use of 'subprocess.
Popen' to open and execute these files without adequate validation or
sandboxing, enabling attackers to craft specially designed files that, when
triggered via the '/open_file' API endpoint, execute arbitrary commands on the
host system. This flaw results from a CWE-434 pattern of unrestricted file
upload combined with unsafe command execution, leading to a high-impact security
breach. The vulnerability's attack vector is over the network, as the attacker
can exploit it remotely through the web interface or API, making it accessible
from anywhere with network connectivity. Exploitation complexity is low because
the attacker only needs to upload a malicious file and then trigger its
execution, with no advanced conditions or environmental prerequisites.
Privileges required are minimal; the attacker must have at least basic access to
the upload functionality, which could be available to authenticated users or,
depending on the application's access controls, even unauthenticated ones. User
interaction is not necessary, as the attacker can independently upload and
execute malicious files without cooperation from other users. The scope of the
impact is changed because successful exploitation allows arbitrary code
execution beyond the web application's security boundary, affecting the
underlying operating system and potentially leading to full system compromise.
The consequences are severe: confidentiality is compromised because attackers
can access sensitive data stored on the host, including credentials or
proprietary information; integrity is at risk as malicious actors can modify or
delete files, inject malicious code, or alter system configurations; and
availability can be severely impacted, with attackers able to cause system
crashes, resource exhaustion, or disablement of services through malicious
scripts. The overall CVSS risk assessment, based on these technical details,
indicates a vulnerability with a network attack vector, low complexity, low
privileges required, and no user interaction, with impacts spanning
confidentiality, integrity, and availability, and affecting beyond the scope of
the web application itself. Given the high severity and ease of exploitation,
immediate mitigation is essential. Organizations should disable or restrict the
file upload functionality, implement strict validation and sandboxing for
uploaded files, and ensure that 'subprocess. Popen' or similar functions are
used with proper validation or in a controlled environment. Applying patches or
updates from the vendor that address this flaw is critical, along with deploying
web application firewalls and monitoring for suspicious activity related to file
uploads and execution. The confidence in this threat intelligence is high,
supported by detailed CVSS analysis, vendor advisories, and real-world
exploitation scenarios documented in the referenced bounty report, which
confirms the potential for widespread impact if left unmitigated.