CVE-2024-9897 pertains to a stored cross-site scripting vulnerability in the
StreamWeasels Twitch Integration plugin for WordPress, affecting all versions up
to and including 1.8.6 due to inadequate input sanitization and output escaping
on the plugin’s sw-twitch-embed shortcode. The root cause stems from the
plugin’s failure to properly neutralize user-supplied attributes within the
shortcode, allowing an authenticated attacker with contributor-level or higher
privileges to inject malicious scripts that are stored persistently in the
website’s content. Exploitation occurs via the web interface, where the attacker
submits crafted content containing malicious JavaScript code within the
shortcode; once stored, this code executes in the context of any user visiting
the affected page, making the attack vector remote and reliant on web access.
The exploitation process is straightforward, requiring no complex conditions
beyond the attacker’s ability to authenticate and submit content, thus rendering
the attack complexity low. Privileges required are low as well, since the
attacker must have at least contributor-level access to inject the malicious
payload, though no elevated permissions such as administrator rights are
necessary. The attack does not necessitate user interaction beyond the victim
visiting the compromised page, which triggers the execution of the stored
script, leading to significant impacts on confidentiality and integrity. The
scope of the vulnerability remains within the web application, but the impact
extends to all users accessing the infected pages, indicating a scope change
from the plugin component to the broader website environment. From a technical
perspective, the malicious script can access sensitive information such as
cookies, session tokens, or other data accessible within the browser context,
posing a high confidentiality risk. It can also modify page content or perform
actions on behalf of the user, affecting integrity. Although it does not
directly impact availability, the persistent malicious scripts could cause
browser crashes or degrade user experience, indirectly affecting service
availability. Real-world exploitation scenarios could involve an attacker with
contributor privileges injecting malicious shortcodes into posts or pages,
which, when viewed by visitors or administrators, execute scripts that steal
session cookies or manipulate page content, potentially leading to session
hijacking or defacement. Mitigation involves promptly updating the plugin to a
version where input sanitization and output escaping are properly implemented,
or disabling the plugin until a fix is available. Additionally, restricting
contributor privileges and auditing content submissions can reduce the attack
surface. Implementing web application firewalls (WAFs) with XSS filtering,
employing content security policies (CSP), and conducting regular security
assessments further mitigate risks. Given the detailed technical analysis, the
confidence level in this threat intelligence is high, supported by the publicly
available vulnerability details, source code references, and consistent
reasoning regarding the root cause, exploitation mechanism, and impact scope.
Overall, CVE-2024-9897 presents a significant security concern for affected
WordPress sites, especially those with contributor-level users, due to its
potential to enable remote script execution, data theft, and content
manipulation through a straightforward attack vector.