CVE-2024-9914 is a critical buffer overflow vulnerability affecting D-Link
DIR-619L B1 routers running firmware version 2.06, specifically within the
formSetWizardSelectMode function exposed via the /goform/formSetWizardSelectMode
endpoint. The vulnerability arises due to improper bounds checking on the
curTime parameter, which is passed to the backend without adequate validation or
sanitization, allowing an attacker to supply an excessively long input that
overflows the allocated buffer. This flaw stems from a classic buffer copy
operation that fails to enforce size constraints, aligning with CWE-120.
Exploitation requires network access and low privileges but no user interaction,
making it highly accessible to remote attackers who have already authenticated
or compromised low-privilege credentials. The impact of successful exploitation
is severe, potentially allowing arbitrary code execution with elevated
privileges, full compromise of confidentiality, integrity, and availability, and
the ability to pivot within the network. The vulnerability is considered low in
complexity due to the straightforward nature of the input manipulation and the
absence of advanced mitigations such as stack canaries or ASLR in the affected
firmware. Public proof-of-concept exploit code is available, significantly
increasing the likelihood of real-world exploitation, particularly in
environments where these routers are deployed with default or weak credentials.
In practical attack scenarios, adversaries could leverage this flaw to implant
persistent backdoors, intercept traffic, or launch lateral movement within small
office or home networks. Given the widespread use of this model in
consumer-grade deployments and the ease of exploitation, the risk is elevated.
Mitigation requires immediate firmware updates; however, as of the latest
advisory, no official patch has been released by the vendor. In the interim,
network administrators should isolate vulnerable devices, restrict WAN access to
the management interface, and monitor for anomalous traffic patterns indicative
of exploitation attempts. Disabling remote management and enforcing strong
authentication policies may reduce exposure. Based on the availability of
technical details, public exploit code, and the nature of the vulnerability,
this assessment is made with high confidence.