CVE-2024-9940 pertains to a vulnerability in the Calculated Fields Form plugin
for WordPress, affecting all versions up to and including 5.2.45, where the
plugin fails to properly neutralize HTML elements submitted through its forms,
resulting in an HTML injection flaw. This flaw arises from inadequate
sanitization of user input, specifically the failure to encode or strip
malicious HTML tags before storing or displaying form data. Attackers can
exploit this remotely by submitting crafted form data via the plugin’s public
interface without authentication, leveraging the network attack vector. Since no
special conditions or privileges are required, and the attack can be executed
with minimal complexity, the exploitation process involves sending malicious
HTML payloads through the vulnerable form endpoint, which is accessible over
HTTP(S). The attack relies on the administrator viewing the form submission,
either through email notifications or within the WordPress dashboard, to trigger
the rendering of injected HTML, thereby making user interaction a necessary
component. The scope of this vulnerability remains within the plugin’s context,
affecting only how form submissions are displayed and not extending to other
system components or data. The primary impact is on the presentation layer, with
negligible effects on confidentiality, as no sensitive data is directly exposed;
however, the injection could be used for social engineering or phishing if
malicious scripts are embedded. The integrity impact is limited, as the
injection does not alter stored data or system files but can mislead
administrators or spoof content, while the availability remains unaffected since
the vulnerability does not cause system crashes or resource exhaustion. From a
technical standpoint, the root cause is a failure to implement proper input
sanitization, allowing arbitrary HTML to be stored and later rendered in an
untrusted context. Exploitation involves submitting malicious payloads that,
when viewed by an administrator, execute in their browser or email client,
potentially leading to further attacks such as session hijacking if combined
with other vulnerabilities. Mitigation involves updating the plugin to a version
where input sanitization is correctly enforced, or applying server-side filters
to sanitize form inputs before processing. Disabling or removing the plugin
until patches are applied is also advisable. Administrators should be vigilant
in reviewing form submissions and consider implementing security headers or
content security policies to mitigate the risk of script execution from injected
HTML. Given the publicly accessible nature of the attack vector, the lack of
privileges required, and the straightforward exploitation mechanism, the overall
risk level is moderate, emphasizing the importance of timely patching and input
validation measures. The confidence in this intelligence is high, supported by
detailed vulnerability analysis, official advisories, and the consistent pattern
of improper input handling documented in the affected plugin’s codebase and
changelogs.