CVE-2024-9989 is a critical authentication bypass vulnerability affecting all
versions up to and including 2.15 of the Crypto Tool plugin for WordPress,
developed by odude. The flaw stems from an insecure implementation within the
`crypto_connect_ajax_process` class, specifically the `log_in` method, which is
exposed via the `admin-ajax.php` endpoint and lacks proper access control or
input validation. This design oversight allows unauthenticated remote attackers
to invoke the login function directly by crafting a malicious HTTP request,
effectively bypassing standard authentication checks. The vulnerability is
rooted in the plugin's failure to restrict arbitrary method calls, enabling
attackers to simulate a login session for any known username, including
privileged accounts such as administrators. Because the attack can be carried
out remotely over the internet without requiring any prior authentication or
user interaction, and only necessitates knowledge of a valid username (often
easily obtainable through enumeration or public content), the exploitation
complexity is minimal. The vulnerability does not alter the scope of the
affected system, as the compromise remains within the WordPress application
boundary; however, the impact is severe across all security dimensions. Once
exploited, an attacker gains full access to the target accountâ€™s privileges,
which for administrative users includes the ability to view sensitive
configuration data, modify or delete content, install malicious plugins or
themes, and disrupt site operations. This results in a high risk to
confidentiality, integrity, and availability. In real-world scenarios, this
vulnerability could be used by threat actors to hijack high-value WordPress
sites, deface content, exfiltrate user data, or establish persistent access
through backdoors, particularly in cases where administrator usernames are
predictable or reused across sites. To mitigate this risk, administrators should
immediately update the Crypto Tool plugin to a patched version (if available),
or disable and remove the plugin entirely if no fix has been issued.
Additionally, implementing web application firewalls (WAFs) to monitor and block
unauthorized access to `admin-ajax.php`, enforcing strong and non-public
usernames, and auditing logs for suspicious login activity are recommended.
Given the public disclosure of the vulnerability, the availability of technical
details, and the ease of exploitation, the likelihood of widespread exploitation
is high. Our confidence in this assessment is strong, based on corroborated
technical analysis from reputable sources, direct code references, and alignment
with known exploitation patterns in the WordPress ecosystem.