The vulnerability identified as CVE-2024-9982 affects version 3.3 of the AIM
LINE Marketing Platform developed by ESi Technology and is triggered when the
LINE Campaign Module is enabled, introducing a severe risk scenario due to the
improper validation of a specific query parameter that allows unauthenticated
attackers to inject arbitrary FetchXml commands via the network interface. The
root cause stems from a classical SQL injection weakness (CWE-89), where the
application fails to adequately neutralize input containing special characters
within HTTP query parameters, enabling remote exploitation without any
prerequisite authentication or user interaction. Upon successful exploitation,
attackers can execute crafted FetchXml payloads that interact directly with the
underlying database layer, affording capabilities to read sensitive records,
alter marketing campaign data, and delete entire datasets, thereby undermining
confidentiality, integrity, and availability in equal measure. From a CVSS
perspective, the combination of unrestricted remote access, lack of
authentication requirements, zero user interaction, and far-reaching database
manipulation results in critical implications across all assessed metrics: the
attack vector is remote, the complexity is low due to the absence of
environmental dependencies, no credentials are necessary, and scope extends
beyond the vulnerable application component to affect the core database
infrastructure, indicating a change in impact boundaries. In real-world
scenarios, a threat actor could leverage this vulnerability to extract marketing
lead databases containing personally identifiable information (PII), overwrite
campaign messages to push fraudulent content, or orchestrate destructive
deletion of operational records, resulting in substantial business disruption or
regulatory non-compliance. To mitigate this issue, organizations using the
affected platform version should immediately disable the LINE Campaign Module if
not operationally required and implement virtual patching via Web Application
Firewall (WAF) rules to filter malicious FetchXml queries; moreover, vendors
should issue a security patch that enforces strict input sanitization and
server-side validation routines, particularly around query parameter parsing. As
an additional safeguard, continuous monitoring and logging of database
interactions—particularly atypical FetchXml activity—should be instituted to
detect potential exploitation attempts. Based on the available metadata,
referenced intelligence, and corroborating analysis from the coordinating CERT,
the confidence level in this assessment is high, with all critical exploitation
factors clearly evidenced and requiring urgent remediation by affected entities.