CVE-2024-9965 represents a security vulnerability affecting Google Chrome
versions prior to 130.0.6723.58 on Windows, characterized by insufficient data
validation within the DevTools component, which allows a remote attacker to
execute arbitrary code through a crafted HTML page, provided the user is
convinced to perform specific UI gestures. The root cause stems from inadequate
validation of user-supplied data in the DevTools interface, enabling malicious
scripts embedded in HTML content to manipulate the rendering engine and
scripting environment, ultimately leading to code execution within the browser
process. Exploitation hinges on the attacker creating a malicious webpage that,
when visited, prompts the user to perform particular gestures—such as clicks or
other interactions—triggering the vulnerability. Since the attack requires user
interaction and the attacker controls only the content delivered via the
webpage, the attack vector is classified as network-based, but with a reliance
on social engineering to persuade the user to visit the malicious site and
perform gestures, making the attack relatively straightforward but not fully
automated. The attack complexity is low because once the user visits the
malicious page, executing the exploit involves minimal additional conditions; no
advanced configurations or multi-step processes are necessary beyond convincing
the user to interact with the page. Privileges required are none, as the
attacker does not need any prior access or permissions; the attack leverages the
user's browser session, and the attacker’s role is limited to delivering the
malicious content. The scope of the vulnerability remains within the browser
process, affecting only the DevTools environment, and does not extend to other
system components or cross-origin resources, thus the scope is considered
unchanged. The primary impact is on integrity, as the attacker can run arbitrary
code, potentially modifying browser data or behavior, but confidentiality
remains unaffected unless the attacker explicitly exfiltrates data
post-execution. There is no direct impact on system availability; however,
malicious code execution could lead to browser crashes or performance
degradation, indirectly affecting availability. The CVSS assessment reflects a
low severity risk, with the attack vector being remote but requiring user
interaction, low attack complexity, no privileges needed, and impacts confined
mainly to code execution and integrity, without affecting confidentiality or
availability directly. Real-world exploitation scenarios are plausible in social
engineering contexts, where an attacker could lure users to malicious sites
embedded with crafted HTML designed to trigger the vulnerability through common
UI gestures, potentially leading to remote code execution, browser hijacking, or
further malware deployment. Mitigation involves applying the latest security
updates from Google that patch the data validation flaws in Chrome DevTools,
disabling or restricting DevTools access in environments where it is
unnecessary, and educating users about the risks of visiting untrusted websites
and performing UI gestures on unknown content. Additionally, organizations
should enforce browser security policies, enable sandboxing features, and
consider deploying web filtering solutions to prevent access to malicious sites.
Given the detailed analysis aligned with official CVSS metrics and the available
evidence, confidence in this threat intelligence is high, supported by official
Chrome release notes and bug tracking references, which confirm the root cause,
affected versions, and mitigation measures, ensuring a reliable understanding of
the vulnerability's scope and impact.