CVE-2024-9925 is a critical SQL injection vulnerability affecting version 1.0 of
TAI Smart Factory’s QPLANT SF industrial software platform, specifically within
the ‘RequestPasswordChange’ endpoint that processes user-supplied input via the
‘email’ parameter. The vulnerability arises from improper input sanitization and
lack of parameterized queries, allowing an unauthenticated remote attacker to
inject arbitrary SQL commands directly into backend database queries. This flaw
stems from the application’s failure to neutralize special characters in SQL
statements, enabling attackers to manipulate query logic and extract sensitive
data. Technically, the root cause is the absence of input validation and secure
coding practices in the affected endpoint, which likely constructs SQL
statements dynamically using untrusted user input. By submitting a specially
crafted request containing SQL payloads in the ‘email’ field, an attacker can
bypass intended query logic and retrieve the entirety of the backend database
content. The vulnerability is remotely exploitable over standard network
protocols without requiring authentication or user interaction, significantly
lowering the attack complexity. The attack vector is broad, as the vulnerable
endpoint is typically exposed to the internet to support password recovery
workflows, and the exploitation process is straightforward, requiring only basic
knowledge of SQL injection techniques. The risk posed by this vulnerability is
severe due to the complete compromise of confidentiality; attackers can
exfiltrate sensitive operational data, user credentials, and potentially
proprietary industrial process information. While there is no evidence of data
tampering or service disruption, the potential for lateral movement or chaining
with other vulnerabilities cannot be ruled out. In real-world scenarios, threat
actors could automate exploitation to harvest data from exposed QPLANT SF
instances across industrial networks, potentially leading to industrial
espionage, regulatory violations, or further compromise of connected systems.
Given the industrial context, attackers targeting critical infrastructure
sectors such as manufacturing or logistics could leverage this flaw to gain
unauthorized insight into production environments or operational technology
configurations. To mitigate this vulnerability, organizations should immediately
apply any available patches or updates provided by TAI Smart Factory. In the
absence of a patch, administrators should implement input validation controls,
deploy web application firewalls to detect and block SQL injection attempts, and
restrict external access to the affected endpoint wherever possible.
Additionally, monitoring for anomalous database queries and reviewing logs for
suspicious access to the ‘RequestPasswordChange’ endpoint can aid in early
detection of exploitation attempts. Given the clarity of the vulnerability
description, the straightforward exploitation path, and the corroborating
analysis from trusted sources such as INCIBE-CERT, there is high confidence in
the accuracy and severity of this threat intelligence assessment.