CVE-2024-9993 pertains to a stored cross-site scripting vulnerability affecting
all versions up to and including 6.1.12 of the Essential Addons for Elementor
plugin for WordPress, a popular suite of widgets, templates, and builders used
extensively in website development. The root cause stems from insufficient input
sanitization and output escaping within the 'eael_event_details_text' parameter
of the Event Calendar Widget, allowing authenticated users with
contributor-level access or higher to inject malicious scripts into page
content. Exploitation hinges on the attacker submitting crafted payloads via
this parameter, which are stored persistently within the plugin's database. When
other users—such as site visitors or administrators—access pages containing this
malicious content, the scripts execute within their browsers, leading to
potential session hijacking, data theft, or manipulation of page content. The
attack vector is remote, leveraging standard web requests over the network, and
the exploitation complexity is low because it requires minimal technical
effort—merely submitting malicious input through an accessible form or
interface. The attacker privileges required are relatively low, as they must
have at least contributor-level access, which is common among multiple user
roles on WordPress sites, and no user interaction is necessary beyond the
initial injection; once the payload is stored, it automatically executes upon
page load. The scope of impact is considered 'changed' because the malicious
scripts execute in the context of the victim's browser, crossing from the
plugin's domain into the client-side environment, which can lead to broader
security implications such as session hijacking or privilege escalation if
combined with other vulnerabilities. The vulnerability's impact on
confidentiality is low, as the attacker cannot directly access server-side data
but can access any information visible within the victim's browser session,
including cookies or sensitive UI data. The integrity impact is high from the
attacker’s perspective, as malicious scripts can modify page content or deceive
users into performing unintended actions, undermining trust and data accuracy.
The availability impact remains negligible, as the vulnerability does not cause
service outages or resource exhaustion, but it can degrade user experience and
security posture. Exploitation scenarios include an attacker with contributor
privileges injecting malicious scripts into event details, which then execute
when visitors view affected pages, potentially leading to theft of session
tokens or manipulation of displayed content. Mitigation involves promptly
updating the plugin to the latest version where input sanitization and output
escaping are properly implemented, coupled with strict access controls to
prevent unauthorized content modifications. Administrators should review user
roles and permissions, disable or remove the plugin if updates are unavailable,
and implement web application firewalls to detect and block malicious payloads.
Additionally, deploying security headers such as Content Security Policy (CSP)
can help restrict script execution, and regular security audits should be
conducted to identify and remediate similar vulnerabilities. Our confidence in
this intelligence is high, given the detailed technical analysis, corroborated
by authoritative vulnerability reports, and the consistent evidence
demonstrating the root cause and exploitation mechanism. The vulnerability's
characteristics, including its root cause, affected products, and exploitation
pathways, are well-documented and align with standard CVE assessment practices,
providing a reliable basis for prioritization and remediation planning.