CVE-2024-9941 pertains to a privilege escalation vulnerability within the WPGYM
- Wordpress Gym Management System plugin for WordPress, affecting all versions
up to 67.1.0. The core issue stems from a missing capability check within the
function MJ_gmgt_add_staff_member(), which allows authenticated users with
subscriber-level access or higher to create new user accounts with administrator
privileges. Technically, the root cause is an improper privilege management flaw
classified under CWE-269, where the function responsible for adding staff
members does not verify whether the invoking user possesses the necessary
capabilities to assign high-level roles, thereby enabling an attacker to
escalate their privileges by exploiting this oversight. Exploitation involves an
attacker who has already authenticated on a WordPress site hosting the
vulnerable plugin, then sending crafted HTTP requests that invoke the function
without proper authorization checks, resulting in the creation of an admin
account. The attack vector is network-based, as it leverages standard web
requests over the internet, and the exploitation complexity is low because it
requires no advanced conditions or multi-step processes beyond authenticated
access and request crafting. The attackerâ€™s privileges are low initially, but
upon successful exploitation, they gain full administrative control, leading to
severe impacts on confidentiality, integrity, and availability. This escalation
could enable the attacker to access sensitive data, manipulate site content,
modify configurations, or disrupt service operations, with the potential for
complete site takeover. In real-world scenarios, such an exploit could be used
by malicious actors to compromise a WordPress site for data theft, defacement,
or further malware deployment, especially if the site is publicly accessible and
the attacker has already gained initial access through other means. Mitigation
involves promptly updating the plugin to versions where the privilege check has
been implemented or applying custom patches that enforce proper capability
verification within the affected function. Disabling or removing the plugin
until an update is available is also recommended. Additionally, implementing
least privilege principles, monitoring user creation logs, and restricting user
roles to the minimum necessary can help reduce the attack surface. Web
application firewalls and intrusion detection systems can be configured to
detect suspicious requests targeting the vulnerable function. Given the publicly
accessible nature of WordPress sites and the straightforward exploitation
process, confidence in this intelligence is high, supported by the detailed
vulnerability description, root cause analysis, and corroborating references
from reputable threat intelligence sources. Overall, this vulnerability presents
a significant risk to affected WordPress sites, especially those with minimal
security controls, and warrants immediate attention to prevent potential
widespread exploitation.