CVE-2024-9967 pertains to a stored cross-site scripting vulnerability in the WP
Show More plugin for WordPress, affecting all versions up to and including 1.0.7
due to inadequate input sanitization and output escaping on user-supplied
attributes within the plugin's show_more shortcode. The root cause stems from
improper handling of user input, whereby malicious scripts embedded in shortcode
attributes are stored unfiltered in the database and subsequently rendered in
web pages without proper escaping, enabling attackers to inject arbitrary
JavaScript code that executes in the context of the victim’s browser.
Exploitation requires an attacker to possess contributor-level or higher
privileges, as they must be able to insert or edit content containing the
malicious shortcode, but it can be initiated remotely over the network via
standard HTTP(S) requests to the WordPress site. The attack complexity is low
because once the attacker has the necessary privileges, they can reliably craft
and submit malicious shortcodes without additional environmental conditions or
timing considerations. The attack vector is network-based, exploiting the web
interface, and relies on the victim viewing the infected page, making user
interaction a prerequisite for the malicious script to execute. The scope of
impact is considered unchanged, as the vulnerability affects the plugin and the
immediate user session but does not extend beyond the WordPress environment
itself. The confidentiality impact is low but notable, as the injected scripts
can steal session cookies, tokens, or other sensitive data accessible within the
victim’s browser, potentially leading to session hijacking or data exfiltration.
The integrity impact is also low but meaningful, as malicious scripts can
manipulate page content, deceive users, or perform actions on behalf of the
user, thereby undermining the trustworthiness of displayed information. The
vulnerability does not impact system availability directly; however, client-side
resource exhaustion or script-induced browser crashes could cause partial denial
of service for affected users, though the overall system remains operational.
Real-world exploitation scenarios include an attacker with contributor
privileges injecting malicious shortcodes into posts or pages, which, when
viewed by other users—such as site visitors or administrators—execute malicious
scripts, leading to potential session hijacking, credential theft, or user
deception. Mitigation involves promptly updating the plugin to a version where
input sanitization and output escaping are properly implemented, or disabling
and removing the vulnerable plugin until patches are available. Implementing
strict access controls to limit contributor privileges, employing web
application firewalls to detect and block malicious payloads, and conducting
regular security audits of plugin code are recommended best practices.
Additionally, enabling security plugins that enforce input validation and output
escaping can reduce the risk of similar vulnerabilities. Given the detailed
technical analysis, the consistent pattern of exploitation mechanisms, and the
corroborating references from Wordfence and WordPress.org, confidence in this
intelligence is high, though ongoing monitoring for emerging exploit techniques
or additional affected versions is advised to ensure comprehensive mitigation.