CVE-2024-9991 represents a high-severity vulnerability affecting various Philips
Lighting Wi-Fi-enabled devices, including the Smart Wi-Fi LED Batten, T Beamer,
and Smart Bulbs, all versions prior to 1.33.1. The core issue stems from the
insecure storage of Wi-Fi credentials in plaintext within the device firmware,
classified under CWE-312, which involves cleartext storage of sensitive
information. The root cause lies in the firmware design that fails to encrypt or
obfuscate the Wi-Fi credentials, leaving them accessible in a straightforward
binary format. Exploitation necessitates physical access to the device, as
attackers must extract the firmware using specialized hardware tools,
disassemble or interface with the device at a hardware level, and analyze the
binary data to locate and retrieve the plaintext credentials. This process is
technically complex and involves a high level of skill, equipment, and effort,
making the attack vector physical in nature. The attack complexity is high
because firmware extraction and analysis are non-trivial tasks, requiring
expertise in hardware debugging and binary analysis, although no additional
environmental or timing conditions are necessary beyond physical access.
Privileges are not required within the device’s operating environment, and user
interaction is unnecessary, as the attacker’s actions are entirely
hardware-based. The scope of impact extends beyond the device itself because the
leaked Wi-Fi credentials can be used to access the associated network,
potentially enabling further lateral movement or compromise of other connected
systems, thus representing a scope change. The confidentiality impact is high,
given that the attacker can retrieve sensitive network credentials in plaintext,
directly undermining network security and privacy. Conversely, the vulnerability
does not affect data integrity or system availability, as it solely involves
credential disclosure without modifying system data or disrupting device
operation. Real-world exploitation scenarios could involve an attacker
physically infiltrating a premises where these devices are installed, extracting
firmware from the device, and then using the obtained Wi-Fi credentials to
connect to the network, potentially enabling unauthorized access, eavesdropping,
or further network intrusion. Mitigation strategies should focus on firmware
updates that enforce encrypted storage of credentials, physical security
measures to prevent unauthorized hardware access, and possibly replacing devices
with firmware versions that do not store credentials in plaintext. Additionally,
network segmentation and strong Wi-Fi security practices can limit the impact if
credentials are compromised. Given the technical nature of the attack, the
confidence in this intelligence is high, supported by detailed analysis of the
firmware storage practices, the physical extraction process, and the documented
impact of plaintext credential storage, making this a significant security
concern for affected Philips device deployments.