CVE-2024-9935 pertains to a path traversal vulnerability present in all versions
up to and including 1.7.5 of the PDF Generator Addon for Elementor Page Builder
plugin for WordPress, developed by redefiningtheweb. This flaw stems from
improper validation of user-supplied input within the rtw_pgaepb_dwnld_pdf()
function, which fails to adequately restrict file path inputs, thereby enabling
an attacker to manipulate the file path parameter to traverse directories and
access arbitrary files on the server. Exploitation occurs through remote web
requests, where an attacker crafts a malicious URL containing directory
traversal sequences (such as "../") to read sensitive files like configuration
files, credentials, or other stored data, without requiring authentication or
privileges, making the attack vector highly accessible and scalable. The root
cause lies in the absence of proper input sanitization and validation within the
function, allowing crafted input to bypass security controls and access files
outside the intended directory scope, which can lead to significant
confidentiality breaches. From a technical standpoint, the vulnerability's
exploitation mechanism involves sending a specially crafted HTTP request that
manipulates the file path parameter, exploiting the server's handling of file
paths in the plugin to read files outside the designated directory, with no
additional complexity or environmental prerequisites. Given its remote nature,
low attack complexity, and lack of required privileges or user interaction, the
risk level is high, especially considering the potential for sensitive data
disclosure. In real-world scenarios, attackers could leverage this flaw to
exfiltrate configuration files, database credentials, or other sensitive
information stored on the server, facilitating further attacks such as privilege
escalation or lateral movement within the compromised environment. Mitigation
strategies include promptly updating the plugin to the latest version where the
vulnerability is addressed, implementing strict input validation and
sanitization on server-side file path parameters, and deploying web application
firewalls to detect and block malicious requests exploiting path traversal
patterns. Additionally, restricting file system permissions to limit access to
sensitive files and regularly auditing server files for unauthorized access can
further reduce risk exposure. Given the detailed technical analysis, the
confidence in this intelligence is high, supported by official vulnerability
disclosures, source code references, and corroborating threat intelligence
reports, ensuring a reliable understanding of the vulnerability's root cause,
exploitation mechanism, and mitigation pathways.