CVE-2024-9924 affects Hgiga’s OAKlouds product, specifically the version labeled
“0,” and represents a critical vulnerability stemming from an incomplete
remediation of a prior flaw (CVE-2024-26261). The residual defect permits
unauthenticated remote attackers to conduct absolute path traversal attacks,
allowing them to download arbitrary system files and subsequently delete them,
thereby compromising multiple dimensions of system security. At its core, the
vulnerability is a failure to adequately sanitize file path input, leaving the
application exposed to direct file system access through crafted HTTP requests
that specify absolute file paths—thus bypassing intended access controls.
Because the flaw is reachable over the network without any authentication
requirements, it is exposed to exploitation from anywhere on the internet, and
no user interaction or specialized system states are necessary. The exploitation
requires minimal effort, as the vulnerable endpoint remains directly accessible,
and the execution process is linear and predictable due to the lack of
mitigating conditions or additional complexity. Attackers do not need
credentials and can engage the vulnerable service autonomously, rendering the
system at risk from any unauthenticated user capable of sending requests to the
targeted interface. The vulnerability's capacity to access and remove system
files introduces high risks to confidentiality, integrity, and availability.
Confidential data stored in configuration files or system directories can be
exfiltrated without restriction, undermining the confidentiality boundary. The
integrity of the system is impacted through unauthorized file deletions, which
may disrupt service logic or create latent misconfigurations. Furthermore,
availability is degraded, as the deletion of critical components can induce
partial or complete service outages. Real-world exploitation scenarios include
attackers targeting publicly exposed OAKlouds instances in enterprise
environments to exfiltrate configuration secrets, access credential files, or
disrupt services by deleting essential runtime components. Cloud-based
deployments and managed hosting platforms are particularly susceptible, given
their frequent exposure to the internet and the difficulty in monitoring every
endpoint. Recommended mitigation includes upgrading to a patched version of the
application where input validation is robustly enforced, disabling unneeded file
access interfaces, and instituting application-level path whitelisting. In
addition, administrators should deploy web application firewalls capable of
detecting and blocking traversal patterns and monitor system logs for anomalous
file access activity. Temporary compensating controls may include disabling
public access to the affected endpoint and restricting file system interactions
through access control enforcement. Based on the clarity of the technical
evidence and supporting official disclosures, the intelligence confidence level
in this assessment is high. The documented ease of exploitation, lack of
mitigating conditions, and breadth of system impact collectively validate the
critical nature of the vulnerability and its continued exposure within unpatched
OAKlouds deployments.