CVE-2024-9980 pertains to a critical SQL injection vulnerability affecting all
versions of the FormosaSoft ee-class product, which is a web-based application
component. The root cause stems from improper validation of a specific page
parameter within the application, allowing malicious actors to inject arbitrary
SQL commands into backend database queries. This flaw arises because the
application fails to sanitize or parameterize user-supplied input, enabling
attackers to craft requests that directly manipulate SQL statements executed by
the database engine. Exploitation occurs remotely over the network through
standard HTTP requests, with no need for specialized conditions or environmental
setups, making the attack vector highly accessible. Attack complexity is low, as
the attacker only needs to send a crafted request with malicious payloads to the
vulnerable endpoint, without requiring additional privileges or intricate steps.
The attacker must possess at least regular user privileges within the system, as
the vulnerability cannot be exploited anonymously; this indicates that the
attacker needs to authenticate with a valid account before executing the
injection. User interaction is not necessary, as the attack can be automated and
executed without victim involvement, simply by sending malicious requests
directly to the server. The scope of the vulnerability is confined to the
application's database, with no evidence suggesting that it impacts other
components or systems beyond the affected application layer. From a risk
perspective, the impact on confidentiality is severe, as attackers can read
sensitive data stored within the database, including potentially confidential
user information, credentials, or proprietary content, leading to a complete
breach of data confidentiality. The integrity impact is equally high, as
malicious SQL commands can modify, insert, or delete data, compromising the
accuracy and trustworthiness of the database contents, and potentially enabling
further privilege escalation or malicious activity. Availability is also
critically affected; attackers can execute destructive commands such as DELETE
or DROP, resulting in data loss, service disruption, or total system downtime.
Based on the technical details, the vulnerabilityâ€™s CVSS v3.1 base metrics would
reflect an attack vector of network, low attack complexity, low privileges
required, no user interaction, and an unchanged scope. The impacts on
confidentiality, integrity, and availability are all high, indicating a severe
threat level. The overall risk is thus assessed as high, given the potential for
remote, unauthenticated or minimally privileged attackers to cause significant
data breaches and service outages. Mitigation involves immediate application of
patches or updates provided by FormosaSoft that properly validate and
parameterize user inputs, especially the page parameter susceptible to
injection. Developers should implement secure coding practices such as input
validation, prepared statements, and least privilege principles for database
access. Additionally, deploying web application firewalls (WAFs) with rules to
detect and block SQL injection payloads can provide an extra layer of defense.
Conducting thorough security testing, including code review and penetration
testing, is essential to identify and remediate similar vulnerabilities.
Organizations should also enforce strong access controls, monitor database
activity logs for suspicious queries, and educate users about security best
practices. Given the technical details and the consistency of the evidence,
confidence in this threat intelligence is high, as it is supported by official
vulnerability reports, detailed technical reasoning, and corroborated by
authoritative references. This comprehensive understanding underscores the
critical need for immediate remediation to prevent exploitation and mitigate
potential damages from this high-severity SQL injection flaw.