CVE-2024-9919 is a critical vulnerability identified in the
parisneo/lollms-webui V13, where a missing authentication check in the
/uninstall/{app_name} API endpoint allows attackers to perform unauthorized
directory deletions. This vulnerability stems from the failure to invoke the
check_access() function to verify the client_id, which is a crucial step in the
authentication process. As a result, attackers can exploit this flaw by sending
crafted HTTP requests to the vulnerable endpoint over the network, enabling them
to delete directories without any authentication or authorization. The attack
vector is network-based, allowing remote exploitation without requiring physical
access or local system interaction. The attack complexity is low, as the absence
of authentication checks simplifies the exploitation process, requiring only the
ability to communicate with the server over the network. No privileges are
required for exploitation, as the vulnerability does not involve any privilege
escalation; it solely relies on the missing access control mechanism. User
interaction is not necessary, as the attacker can independently execute the
attack without involving any legitimate users. The scope of the vulnerability is
changed, as the unauthorized directory deletion impacts resources beyond the
immediate component, potentially affecting other system resources and services
that rely on the affected directories. The confidentiality impact is minimal, as
the vulnerability does not involve access to sensitive data or disclosure of
confidential information. However, the integrity impact is high, as the ability
to delete directories without proper authorization compromises the integrity of
the filesystem and the data stored within those directories. This unauthorized
modification can lead to potential corruption or loss of data integrity,
undermining the trustworthiness and correctness of the system's data and
operational state. The availability impact is also high, as unauthorized
directory deletion can cause service disruption by removing essential files or
components required for the application's operation, leading to system crashes,
degraded performance, or complete service outages. In real-world scenarios, an
attacker could exploit this vulnerability to disrupt services by deleting
critical directories, potentially causing significant operational downtime for
organizations relying on the affected product. Mitigation and remediation
involve implementing proper authentication checks in the /uninstall/{app_name}
endpoint by ensuring that the check_access() function is invoked to verify the
client_id before executing any directory deletion commands. Additionally,
organizations should apply patches or updates provided by the vendor to address
this vulnerability and prevent exploitation. Our confidence in this intelligence
is high, based on the detailed analysis of the vulnerability's technical root
cause, exploitation mechanism, and potential impacts, as well as the
corroborating evidence provided by the referenced security advisory.