CVE-2024-9964 pertains to an inappropriate implementation flaw within the
Payments component of Google Chrome versions prior to 130.0.6723.58, which
enables a remote attacker to induce UI spoofing through a crafted Chrome
extension, provided the user engages in specific UI gestures. The root cause
stems from a deficient handling of user interface interactions within the
extension framework, allowing malicious extensions to overlay or mimic
legitimate payment UI elements without proper validation or sandboxing, thereby
deceiving users into unwittingly submitting sensitive payment information.
Exploitation hinges on the attacker delivering a malicious extension over the
internet, which the user must then install and interact with, making the attack
vector remote and reliant on social engineering. The attacker does not require
privileges beyond those granted during extension installation, and no elevated
system or browser privileges are necessary, although user interaction is
mandatory, as the attacker must persuade or trick the user into performing
specific gestures. The attack complexity is high because it depends on
convincing the user to perform particular actions, and the scope remains
confined within the browser, with no cross-origin or privilege escalation
effects. The vulnerability's impact on confidentiality is negligible, as it does
not leak or expose sensitive data directly; however, it can mislead users into
submitting fraudulent payment details, representing a low integrity impact. The
attack does not affect system availability, as it does not cause crashes or
service disruptions. CVSS analysis indicates a low overall risk, primarily due
to the requirement for user interaction and the limited scope of impact, but the
remote delivery mechanism via extensions and the potential for deception warrant
attention. Real-world exploitation scenarios could involve an attacker
distributing a malicious extension through phishing campaigns or compromised
websites, enticing users to install it and perform specific gestures, such as
clicking spoofed payment buttons or filling fake forms, leading to financial
fraud or credential theft. Mitigation strategies include enforcing strict
extension vetting and approval processes, educating users about the risks of
installing untrusted extensions, and implementing browser-level safeguards to
detect and block UI spoofing attempts. Users should be advised to only install
extensions from trusted sources, regularly update Chrome to incorporate security
patches, and remain vigilant about unexpected UI prompts during online
transactions. Given the detailed technical analysis and the publicly available
evidence, confidence in this threat intelligence is high, supported by official
Chrome release notes and issue tracking entries, which confirm the existence and
nature of the flaw, although the low severity rating suggests that widespread
exploitation may be limited unless targeted social engineering campaigns are
employed.