CVE-2024-9979 identifies a critical use-after-free vulnerability within the PyO3
library, a Rust-Python binding framework widely used in Python environments to
facilitate seamless interoperability with Rust code. The flaw manifests in
versions around 0.22.0 and potentially affects various products that incorporate
this library, including Red Hat's Ansible Automation Platform 2 and Red Hat
Enterprise Linux 8 and 9, where Python scripts or applications leverage PyO3 for
performance or interoperability enhancements. The root cause stems from improper
handling of weak Python references during memory management, where the library's
internal reference counting and borrowing mechanisms are unsound, allowing an
attacker-controlled sequence of operations to trigger a use-after-free
condition. Specifically, malicious or malformed Python code can manipulate weak
references, leading to premature deallocation of memory objects still in use,
which, when accessed subsequently, results in memory corruption or application
crashes. Exploitation hinges on the attacker executing code within the affected
Python process, making the attack vector primarily local, as remote exploitation
would require an initial code execution vector such as a malicious script or
payload executed on the target system. The attack complexity is relatively low,
as once code execution is achieved, the attacker can craft specific sequences to
trigger the flaw without requiring elaborate conditions or multi-step exploits,
given the straightforward nature of use-after-free triggers in memory-safe
languages like Rust when internal invariants are violated. Privilege
requirements are minimal; the attacker needs at least user-level access to run
code within the vulnerable Python environment, which is typical in scenarios
where Python scripts are executed by unprivileged users or through web
applications. User interaction is not necessary, as the attacker can automate or
script the exploitation process once code execution is possible, with no need
for additional user involvement. The scope of impact is considered changed
because successful exploitation can lead to arbitrary code execution or escalate
privileges if the attacker leverages memory corruption to manipulate control
flow, affecting other components or processes beyond the initial memory context.
The primary impacts are on system availability, as the vulnerability can cause
application crashes or denial of service, with negligible effects on
confidentiality or data integrity, since the flaw does not inherently leak
sensitive information or modify data directly. From a technical standpoint, the
vulnerability's exploitation involves triggering the use-after-free during
normal or manipulated API calls involving weak references, which can be achieved
through crafted Python code that interacts with the affected library functions.
In real-world scenarios, this could manifest as an attacker executing malicious
scripts on a server running vulnerable Python applications, such as web services
or automation platforms, leading to crashes, potential remote code execution, or
persistent denial of service. Mitigation strategies include updating to patched
versions of PyO3 where the flaw has been addressed, applying patches provided by
the vendor or library maintainers, and restricting code execution environments
to trusted sources, especially in multi-tenant or shared environments.
Implementing memory safety checks, employing runtime sanitizers, and isolating
Python processes can further reduce risk. Given the detailed analysis of the
root cause, exploitation mechanism, and the context of affected products, the
confidence level of this threat intelligence is high, supported by official
advisories, bug reports, and the vulnerability's technical description, which
collectively confirm the nature and impact of the flaw. Overall, CVE-2024-9979
represents a significant security concern for environments utilizing PyO3,
particularly where untrusted code execution is possible, and warrants prompt
remediation to prevent potential exploitation leading to service disruption or
escalation of privileges.