CVE-2024-9942 pertains to a critical vulnerability in the WPGYM - WordPress Gym
Management System plugin, affecting all versions up to 67.1.0, which permits
unauthenticated attackers to upload arbitrary files due to the absence of proper
file type validation in the MJ_gmgt_user_avatar_image_upload() function. This
flaw stems from a fundamental security oversight where the upload handler fails
to verify the MIME type or extension of incoming files, allowing malicious
payloads—such as PHP scripts or other executable code—to be uploaded and stored
on the server. Exploitation occurs via the web interface, where an attacker
crafts a malicious file, such as a PHP web shell, and submits it through the
vulnerable upload endpoint without requiring authentication, making the attack
vector purely network-based with low complexity, as no special conditions or
environmental prerequisites are necessary. The attacker’s ability to exploit
this flaw remotely and without privileges means the attack surface is broad, and
the attack can be executed from anywhere over the internet, with no user
interaction beyond sending the malicious request. Once uploaded, these malicious
files can be executed on the server, leading to remote code execution, which can
compromise the entire server environment, enabling data exfiltration,
modification, or destruction, and potentially causing service outages. The
impact on confidentiality is high, as sensitive data stored on the server can be
accessed or exfiltrated once code execution is achieved; integrity is similarly
compromised because attackers can inject malicious scripts or alter existing
files, undermining the trustworthiness of the system; and availability can be
severely impacted if the attacker deploys destructive payloads or causes server
crashes, leading to denial of service. The root cause of this vulnerability is
the lack of input validation and sanitization in the file upload process,
compounded by the plugin’s failure to restrict file types, which allows
arbitrary code to be uploaded and executed. In real-world scenarios, threat
actors could exploit this vulnerability to compromise vulnerable WordPress sites
hosting the plugin, deploying web shells for persistent access, or leveraging
the compromised server to pivot into internal networks. Attackers might target
high-profile or poorly secured sites to quickly gain control, exfiltrate data,
or use the server as a launch point for further attacks. Mitigation involves
applying the latest patches or updates provided by the vendor that introduce
strict file type validation and sanitization checks during upload, disabling or
removing the vulnerable plugin until patched, and implementing web application
firewalls to detect and block suspicious upload attempts. Additionally,
server-side security controls such as disabling execution of uploaded files in
upload directories, enforcing least privilege principles, and monitoring logs
for unusual activity can significantly reduce risk. It is also advisable to
restrict access to the upload functionality to authenticated users with
appropriate permissions and to conduct regular vulnerability assessments on all
third-party plugins. Our confidence in this intelligence is high, given the
detailed technical analysis, corroborated by official vulnerability reports,
CVSS metrics aligned with the described exploitability and impact, and the
consistent security best practices applied to similar upload-related
vulnerabilities. The comprehensive understanding of the root cause, exploitation
mechanism, and mitigation strategies provides a robust foundation for
prioritizing remediation efforts and alerting affected organizations to the
critical nature of this flaw.