CVE-2024-9956 is a security vulnerability affecting Google Chrome versions prior
to 130.0.6723.58 on Android devices, arising from an inappropriate
implementation within the WebAuthentication component that allows a local
attacker to escalate privileges through a crafted HTML page. The root cause
stems from a flaw in the handling of WebAuthn processes, where improper
validation or sandboxing permits maliciously crafted web content to manipulate
authentication flows, leading to unauthorized privilege elevation. Exploitation
involves the attacker persuading or tricking a user to load a malicious HTML
page within Chrome, which then leverages the flawed WebAuthentication
implementation to escalate privileges from a lower-privileged context to a
higher one, potentially gaining access to sensitive authentication tokens,
credentials, or system data. The attack requires local access or at least some
influence over the victim's environment, with the attacker needing to craft and
deliver a malicious HTML payload that, once loaded and processed, triggers the
vulnerability. The exploitation process is straightforward, involving minimal
complexity, as it hinges on the user opening a specially crafted page, making
the attack relatively easy once the initial delivery vector is established.
Given the necessity of user interaction and local access, the attack vector is
classified as local, with the attacker needing to either have physical access or
persuade the user to open the malicious content, which could be delivered via
phishing, social engineering, or malicious links in compromised websites or
messaging platforms. The attack complexity is low because the attacker only
needs to create a malicious HTML page that exploits the WebAuthentication flaw;
no advanced conditions or environmental dependencies are required. The scope
change arises because the privilege escalation allows the attacker to access or
modify sensitive data within the Chrome environment, affecting confidentiality,
integrity, and availability, all of which are significantly impacted, as the
attacker could access stored credentials, tamper with authentication states, or
disrupt browser functionality. The CVSS assessment reflects these factors, with
the attack vector being local, attack complexity low, privileges required low,
user interaction required, scope changed, and high impacts on confidentiality,
integrity, and availability, culminating in a high severity rating. Real-world
exploitation scenarios could involve an attacker convincing a user to visit a
malicious webpage or open a malicious HTML file, which then silently escalates
privileges within Chrome, potentially leading to theft of authentication tokens,
session hijacking, or further system compromise. Mitigation strategies include
promptly updating Chrome to version 130.0.6723.58 or later, where the
vulnerability has been addressed, and implementing user awareness training to
recognize and avoid suspicious links or files. Additionally, restricting local
access to devices and employing security controls such as sandboxing,
application whitelisting, and strict access policies can reduce the risk of
initial infection or exploitation. Given the detailed analysis and the official
patches, confidence in this intelligence is high, supported by official vendor
advisories and thorough technical root cause analysis, though the actual
exploitation in the wild remains unconfirmed at this time, which slightly
tempers the overall threat perception but does not diminish the importance of
timely remediation.