CVE-2024-9928 pertains to a security weakness identified within the NSD570
Teleprotection Equipment's login panel, a product from Hitachi Energy, affecting
version 1.0. This vulnerability arises from improper restriction of excessive
authentication attempts, classified under CWE-307, which allows an attacker to
perform brute-force attacks to compromise user accounts and gain unauthorized
system access. The root cause stems from the login interface's failure to impose
adequate rate-limiting or account lockout mechanisms after multiple failed login
attempts, despite implementing a delay of over a second between such attempts.
This delay, intended as a mitigation, does not sufficiently prevent automated
brute-force attacks, especially when the attacker can send numerous requests
over the network without requiring privileged access or prior authentication.
Exploitation is facilitated via the network attack vector, as the login panel is
accessible remotely, making the attack vector straightforward and highly
accessible. The attack complexity remains low because it involves simple
repeated login requests, and no advanced techniques are necessary beyond
overcoming the delay mechanism. The attacker does not require any privileges or
user interaction, as the attack can be launched anonymously from an external
network, with the primary challenge being automation and managing the delay
between attempts. The scope of the vulnerability is confined to the affected
login component, with no evidence indicating that the breach extends beyond the
system boundary; however, successful exploitation can lead to account takeover,
compromising the confidentiality of sensitive information stored within user
accounts. While the attack does not directly modify data or disrupt system
availability, gaining unauthorized access could enable an attacker to view or
extract confidential data, thus impacting confidentiality significantly. The
integrity of the system remains largely unaffected unless subsequent malicious
actions are performed post-compromise, and the system’s availability is not
directly compromised due to the presence of delay mechanisms designed to thwart
rapid brute-force attempts. In real-world scenarios, threat actors could exploit
this vulnerability by remotely targeting exposed NSD570 login panels, especially
in environments where network segmentation or access controls are weak, to
automate brute-force attacks and systematically compromise user accounts. Such
exploits could be used for espionage, sabotage, or to facilitate further
intrusion activities, including lateral movement within organizational networks.
Mitigation strategies should focus on implementing robust account lockout
policies, increasing delay intervals, or deploying multi-factor authentication
to significantly hinder brute-force efforts. Additionally, network access
controls, such as whitelisting trusted IPs and employing intrusion detection
systems, can reduce exposure. Regular security audits and monitoring login
attempts for abnormal activity are recommended to detect and respond to
potential attacks promptly. Given the detailed technical analysis, the
confidence in this threat intelligence is high, supported by official
vulnerability disclosures, CVSS vector analysis, and the consistent application
of industry-standard security principles. The vulnerability’s
characteristics—remote exploitable, low complexity, and significant impact on
confidentiality—underscore the importance of prompt remediation to prevent
potential exploitation in operational environments.