CVE-2024-9986 is a critical SQL injection vulnerability identified in version
1.0 of the Blood Bank Management System developed by code-projects, specifically
within the member_register.php script. The vulnerability arises from improper
sanitization of user-supplied input in the HTTP POST parameters—namely fullname,
username, password, and email—during the member registration process. Although
the initial advisory explicitly highlights the password parameter, the
underlying code structure suggests that all four parameters are equally
susceptible due to the absence of prepared statements or input validation
mechanisms. The root cause lies in the direct concatenation of unsanitized user
input into SQL queries, which allows attackers to inject arbitrary SQL commands.
This flaw enables remote unauthenticated attackers to manipulate backend
database queries, potentially leading to unauthorized data access, data
exfiltration, or full database compromise. The vulnerability is remotely
exploitable over a network with no need for prior authentication or elevated
privileges, and the attack complexity is low, requiring only basic knowledge of
SQL syntax and HTTP request crafting. Public exploit code has been disclosed,
significantly increasing the risk of widespread exploitation. In real-world
scenarios, an attacker could craft a malicious registration request embedding
SQL payloads in the password field to enumerate user credentials, extract donor
medical records, or escalate privileges within the application. Given the nature
of the application—handling sensitive health and personal data—the impact of a
successful exploit could be severe, including regulatory non-compliance,
reputational damage, and potential harm to individuals whose data is exposed.
Mitigation requires immediate input validation and the implementation of
parameterized queries or ORM frameworks to prevent direct SQL execution.
Administrators should also deploy web application firewalls with SQLi detection
capabilities and monitor logs for anomalous registration activity. As no
official patch has been released at the time of writing, temporary remediation
may involve disabling the vulnerable registration endpoint or restricting access
until a secure update is available. The intelligence confidence level is high,
based on the availability of public proof-of-concept code, corroborating
advisories, and the reproducibility of the exploit in controlled environments.