CVE-2024-9996 represents a critical out-of-bounds write vulnerability affecting
multiple versions of Autodesk AutoCAD and its related products, including
AutoCAD LT, AutoCAD Architecture, Electrical, Map 3D, Mechanical, MEP, Plant 3D,
Civil 3D, Advance Steel, DWG TrueView, and RealDWG, spanning versions from 2022
through 2025. The root cause stems from improper validation within the
`acdb25.dll` parsing engine when processing specially crafted DWG files, which
can trigger an out-of-bounds memory write, leading to application crashes, data
corruption, or arbitrary code execution. Exploitation hinges on the attacker
delivering a malicious DWG file to the target system, which must then be opened
within AutoCAD; thus, the attack vector is primarily network-based, as the
attacker can remotely send the file via email, web download, or network share,
making it accessible from an external source. The exploitation process is
straightforward, requiring no complex conditions beyond crafting the malicious
file, and user interaction is mandatory, as the victim must open the file for
the vulnerability to activate. Privileges are not a barrier, since the attack
executes within the context of the current user process, and no elevated
permissions are necessary beforehand. The scope of the impact remains confined
to the process, but given the potential for arbitrary code execution, there is a
risk of broader system compromise if the attacker leverages the flaw to escalate
privileges or pivot within the environment. The vulnerability impacts
confidentiality, integrity, and availability significantly; successful
exploitation can result in data disclosure through arbitrary code execution,
data corruption affecting file integrity, and system downtime due to application
crashes or forced termination, respectively. The CVSS assessment indicates a
high severity, with the attack vector being network-based, low complexity, no
privileges required, but requiring user interaction, and impacting the core
security attributes of confidentiality, integrity, and availability. The overall
risk is elevated due to the ease of exploitation, remote delivery capability,
and the potential for severe operational and security consequences, especially
in environments where AutoCAD is widely used for critical design or engineering
tasks. Confidence in this intelligence is high, supported by official vendor
advisories, detailed technical analysis, and the consistency of the
vulnerabilityâ€™s description across multiple affected products and versions,
confirming the reliability of the root cause and exploitation mechanism.
Mitigation strategies should prioritize immediate application of vendor-supplied
patches, which address the parsing flaw in `acdb25.dll`, alongside implementing
email and network filtering to block or flag suspicious DWG files, and enforcing
user awareness training to prevent opening untrusted files. Organizations should
also consider deploying application whitelisting, disabling macros or scripting
within AutoCAD where feasible, and maintaining robust backup and recovery
procedures to mitigate potential data loss or system compromise. Given the
comprehensive technical details and vendor validation, the confidence level in
this threat intelligence is robust, underscoring the urgency for affected
entities to prioritize patching and implement layered defenses to reduce the
risk of exploitation.