CVE-2024-9978 pertains to a critical vulnerability in OpenHarmony versions prior
to or including v4.1.1, where an out-of-bounds read flaw enables a local
attacker to cause an information leak by accessing memory outside the bounds of
allocated buffers within the affected component. The root cause of this
vulnerability stems from improper validation or boundary checking during memory
read operations, likely within a specific subsystem responsible for handling
data structures or input processing, allowing maliciously crafted data or
specific system states to trigger the out-of-bounds condition. Exploitation
requires the attacker to have local access to the device, such as physical
access or existing user privileges, since remote exploitation is infeasible
without prior local foothold. The attacker must craft inputs or manipulate
system conditions to induce the out-of-bounds read, which makes the attack
relatively straightforward once the attacker has the necessary access, thus
characterized by low attack complexity. Privileges required are low, as the
attacker needs at least some level of local access to execute code or interact
with vulnerable components, but no elevated privileges are explicitly necessary.
The attack does not require user interaction beyond initial access, and once the
conditions are met, the attacker can perform the exploit independently, with no
need for actions like clicking or opening files. The scope of the vulnerability
remains confined within the affected component, with no evidence suggesting that
the leak propagates beyond the initial context, thus not affecting other system
resources or components. The primary impact is on confidentiality, as the
out-of-bounds read can expose sensitive internal data, potentially including
user information, cryptographic keys, or other protected data, leading to a
significant confidentiality breach. However, the vulnerability does not impact
system integrity or availability, as it does not enable data modification or
system crashes. From a technical perspective, the exploitation mechanism
involves the attacker executing code or commands that trigger the out-of-bounds
read, which may be facilitated by specific input sequences, system states, or
data structures that lack proper boundary checks. Real-world exploitation
scenarios could involve an attacker with local access extracting sensitive
information from a compromised device, such as retrieving encryption keys or
personal data stored in memory, which could facilitate further attacks like data
exfiltration or privilege escalation. Mitigation strategies include applying
patches that implement rigorous boundary validation within the affected code
paths, ensuring that all memory reads are within valid bounds, and restricting
local access to trusted users or environments. Additionally, deploying security
controls such as least privilege principles, device hardening, and monitoring
for suspicious local activities can reduce the attack surface. Given the
detailed technical analysis and the nature of the vulnerability, confidence in
this intelligence is high, supported by official disclosures and technical
assessments that align with standard security evaluation practices. Overall,
CVE-2024-9978 represents a high-severity local privilege-related flaw that, if
exploited, could lead to significant confidentiality breaches, emphasizing the
importance of prompt patching and strict access controls to mitigate potential
risks.