CVE-2024-9974 is a critical SQL injection vulnerability affecting version 1.0 of
the SourceCodester Online Eyewear Shop application, specifically targeting an
unknown functionality within the POST request handler at
classes/Master.php?f=add_to_card. The root cause of this vulnerability stems
from improper sanitization or validation of the product_id parameter passed via
HTTP POST requests, which allows an attacker to manipulate this argument to
inject malicious SQL code directly into the backend database query. This flaw
arises because the application constructs SQL statements by concatenating
user-supplied input without adequate parameterization or input validation,
thereby enabling an attacker to craft payloads that alter the intended query
logic, potentially leading to data leakage, modification, or even remote code
execution depending on the database context. From a risk perspective, the
vulnerability's exploitability is high due to its remote attack vector,
requiring only the ability to send crafted POST requests to the affected
endpoint, with low complexity since no advanced techniques or authentication
bypasses are necessary. The attack can be executed with minimal effort, often
through automated scripts or simple web requests, making it accessible to a
broad range of threat actors. In real-world scenarios, malicious actors could
exploit this flaw to extract sensitive customer data, alter inventory records,
or escalate privileges within the application environment, especially if the
database contains critical or confidential information. For instance, an
attacker could craft a payload that extracts user credentials or payment
details, or inject malicious commands to compromise the underlying server or
database. To mitigate this vulnerability, it is essential to implement
parameterized queries or prepared statements within the application's codebase,
especially in the handling of user input at the affected endpoint. Input
validation should be enforced to restrict product_id to expected data types and
formats, and security controls such as Web Application Firewalls (WAFs) should
be configured to detect and block suspicious SQL patterns. Additionally,
updating the application to incorporate secure coding practices, applying
patches provided by the vendor, and conducting regular security testing are
critical steps to prevent exploitation. Given that the exploit has been publicly
disclosed and the vulnerability is declared critical, the confidence in this
intelligence is high, supported by the detailed technical root cause analysis
and publicly available exploit references. Overall, this vulnerability poses a
severe threat to the integrity and confidentiality of the affected application's
data, and prompt remediation measures are strongly advised to prevent potential
data breaches or further compromise.