CVE-2024-9902 describes a critical flaw in the ansible-core `user` module
affecting multiple versions, including 2.15.0b1, 2.16.0b1, 2.17.0b1, and
2.18.0b1, as well as Red Hat's Ansible Automation Platform Execution
Environments and Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform for RHEL 8 and 9, with the
root cause rooted in an incorrect authorization mechanism that permits an
unprivileged user to silently create, replace, or take ownership of any file on
the system when a privileged user executes the module targeting the unprivileged
user's home directory, exploiting a combination of directory traversal
permissions and the execution context of the `user` module. The technical root
cause stems from insufficient input validation and privilege separation within
the module, allowing an attacker with basic access to manipulate file paths and
leverage the execution of the module by a higher-privileged user to escalate
their control over system files, effectively bypassing authorization checks and
enabling ownership takeover and content modification. The vulnerability's CVSS
risk assessment indicates a local attack vector with low complexity, requiring
no privileges beyond those of an unprivileged user, and no user interaction
beyond executing the module; the scope is changed because the exploit impacts
resources beyond the attacker's initial permissions, enabling privilege
escalation and system-wide control. The impact on confidentiality is minimal,
primarily involving potential data disclosure if sensitive files are
overwritten, but the primary concern lies in the high integrity impact, as the
attacker can modify or take ownership of critical files, undermining system
trustworthiness. The absence of impact on system availability suggests that the
exploit does not directly cause system downtime but could indirectly lead to
service disruptions through file corruption. Real-world exploitation scenarios
include an attacker with a user account on a managed system exploiting the flaw
during routine administrative tasks, such as running Ansible playbooks that
invoke the `user` module targeting directories with traversal permissions,
thereby silently overwriting configuration files or system scripts, which could
lead to privilege escalation, data integrity breaches, and persistent backdoors.
Mitigation involves applying vendor-supplied patches that fix input validation
and privilege separation within the `user` module, restricting directory
traversal permissions, and implementing strict access controls on sensitive
files and directories to prevent unauthorized manipulation. Additionally,
organizations should review and audit their Ansible playbooks and execution
environments to ensure that privileged operations are executed securely and that
untrusted users do not have permissions that could facilitate exploitation.
Given the detailed analysis and corroborating evidence from Red Hat advisories
and bug reports, confidence in this intelligence is high, as the root cause,
exploitation mechanism, and mitigation strategies are well-documented and
validated through multiple sources, including official advisories and
vulnerability reports.