CVE-2024-9952 pertains to a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability identified
in SourceCodester's Online Eyewear Shop version 1.0, affecting the
administrative interface specifically within the contact information page,
notably the /admin/?page=system_info/contact_info endpoint. The root cause of
this vulnerability stems from inadequate sanitization or validation of
user-supplied input, particularly the 'Address' parameter, which is processed
without sufficient encoding or filtering, allowing malicious scripts to be
embedded within the parameter's value. When an attacker manipulates this
argument to include malicious JavaScript code, the server-side component
handling the contact information page inadvertently reflects this payload into
the web page output, leading to a stored or reflected XSS condition.
Exploitation is feasible remotely, as the attacker only needs to craft a
malicious URL or form submission containing the malicious payload within the
'Address' parameter, which can then be delivered via phishing campaigns or
malicious links shared through other vectors. The attack complexity is
relatively low, as it requires no authentication or complex interaction beyond
crafting the malicious request, and the attack vector is primarily web-based,
relying on standard HTTP requests. In real-world scenarios, threat actors could
exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary scripts in the context of an
administrator or userâ€™s browser session, potentially hijacking session tokens,
defacing the website, or redirecting users to malicious sites. For example, an
attacker might send a crafted URL via email or social engineering, prompting an
administrator to click and unwittingly execute malicious scripts, leading to
session hijacking or data theft. Mitigation involves implementing rigorous input
validation and output encoding on the server side, especially for parameters
reflected in web pages, and applying Content Security Policy (CSP) headers to
restrict script execution. Updating the application to sanitize all user inputs,
particularly within administrative pages, and employing security frameworks that
automatically encode output can significantly reduce risk. Additionally,
restricting access to administrative functions and monitoring logs for unusual
activity can help detect exploitation attempts. Given the publicly disclosed
nature of the exploit and the straightforward exploitation mechanism, confidence
in this threat intelligence is high, although the actual impact depends on the
deployment environment and whether proper security controls are in place.
Overall, this vulnerability presents a moderate to high risk due to its ease of
exploitation, potential for significant impact in compromised administrative
sessions, and the likelihood of widespread exploitation if unpatched.