CVE-2024-9950 describes a vulnerability in Forescout SecureConnector version
11.3.07.0109 for Windows platforms, wherein an unauthenticated user is able to
modify compliance scripts due to insecure permissions on a temporary directory
used by the application. The technical root cause lies in the failure to enforce
secure access controls on this directory, resulting in a condition aligned with
CWE-379, which denotes improper management of temporary files or directories.
This weakness allows any local process—regardless of authentication or privilege
level—to manipulate scripts that are likely leveraged for security enforcement
and compliance validation. Since no authentication or elevated access is needed,
and the exploitation path involves merely writing to an exposed directory
without special timing or race conditions, the attack complexity is low and does
not require user interaction. The vulnerability is exploitable only via local
access, eliminating remote exploitation from the threat model unless chained
with other vulnerabilities or local access methods. The core threat is a serious
compromise of integrity, as tampered scripts could alter system behavior,
falsify compliance reports, disable security configurations, or introduce
persistent backdoors depending on the nature of script execution. There is a
modest threat to availability, as malformed or malicious scripts may crash or
destabilize the SecureConnector service. Although direct confidentiality
breaches are not evident, indirect leakage may occur if script manipulation is
used as a stepping stone to further reconnaissance or exfiltration attempts.
Real-world exploitation could involve a malicious insider or attacker with
physical or malware-assisted local presence placing forged scripts that degrade
the endpoint’s security posture, which in enterprise deployments could permit
lateral movement or policy evasion. To mitigate this risk, system administrators
should ensure that temporary directories used by SecureConnector are
reconfigured with secure access permissions preventing write access by
non-privileged users, preferably employing access control lists or directory
isolation techniques. Deployment of application-level hardening to validate and
secure script integrity before execution, along with upgrading to a patched
version (if available), is critical. Organizations should monitor logs for
anomalous script changes and enforce application whitelisting where practical.
Based on the available metadata and corroborated technical breakdown, the threat
level is credibly significant with straightforward exploitation and impactful
consequences, and our confidence in the reliability and completeness of this
assessment is high.