CVE-2024-9966 pertains to an inappropriate implementation flaw within the
navigation component of Google Chrome versions prior to 130.0.6723.58, which
permits a remote attacker to bypass the Content Security Policy (CSP) through a
crafted HTML page. This vulnerability stems from a misconfiguration or flaw in
the browser’s handling of navigation and content security enforcement, enabling
malicious actors to craft specific HTML content that circumvents CSP
restrictions. Exploitation involves hosting or embedding malicious HTML pages
that, when visited by a user, can load or execute malicious scripts or content
that would otherwise be blocked by CSP, thereby undermining the intended
security boundaries of web content. The attack vector is remote, relying on the
victim visiting a malicious webpage, which makes it accessible over the internet
without physical proximity; the attacker only needs to craft and host the
malicious content, and the victim must interact by visiting the compromised
site. Exploitation complexity is low, as no advanced conditions or environmental
setups are necessary; once the user visits the malicious page, the bypass occurs
straightforwardly. The attacker does not require any privileges on the victim’s
system, nor does the attack depend on user privileges or local access, making it
an unauthenticated remote attack. User interaction is essential, as the victim
must visit the malicious webpage, but no additional actions like clicking or
enabling are explicitly required beyond the visit. The scope of the
vulnerability is confined within the browser’s content security enforcement
mechanisms, with impacts limited to the security context of the affected
webpage; it does not extend to other system components or broader security
boundaries. The primary impact is on confidentiality and integrity, where the
bypass allows malicious content to load or execute, potentially enabling further
attacks such as cross-site scripting or content injection, but it does not
directly leak sensitive data or modify stored information. The impact on system
availability is minimal, with no indication of resource exhaustion or
denial-of-service conditions resulting from this flaw. Based on the technical
root cause, exploitation mechanism, and the provided severity assessment, the
overall risk is low, primarily due to the limited scope and impact, but it
remains a notable concern for browsers handling sensitive or untrusted web
content. The confidence in this intelligence is high, given the detailed
vulnerability description, the official CVE metadata, and the supporting
reference to the Chrome security update and issue tracker, which confirm the
nature of the flaw, affected versions, and mitigation guidance. To remediate
this vulnerability, users should update Chrome to version 130.0.6723.58 or
later, which addresses the implementation flaw and restores proper CSP
enforcement. Additionally, organizations should consider deploying web
filtering, user awareness training, and monitoring for anomalous web activity to
reduce the likelihood of exploitation. Given the low severity but potential for
abuse in targeted scenarios, maintaining up-to-date browsers and enforcing
security best practices remains essential to mitigate the risk posed by this
vulnerability.