CVE-2024-9898 pertains to a stored cross-site scripting vulnerability affecting
all versions of the Parallax Image plugin for WordPress up to and including 1.8,
which is widely used for adding parallax effects to images within WordPress
sites. The root cause of this vulnerability lies in the plugin’s insufficient
input sanitization and output escaping mechanisms within the `dd-parallax`
shortcode, allowing authenticated users with contributor-level access or higher
to inject malicious JavaScript code into the shortcode’s attributes. When other
users, such as visitors or administrators, access pages containing the
compromised shortcode, the embedded scripts execute within their browsers,
leading to potential session hijacking, cookie theft, or manipulation of webpage
content. Exploitation is straightforward, requiring only that the attacker
insert a crafted shortcode with malicious payloads into a post or page, given
they possess the necessary editing privileges; no complex conditions or
environmental factors are needed, making the attack highly accessible. The
attack vector is over the network, as it leverages the web interface of the
WordPress site, and the attack complexity is low, since it hinges solely on the
attacker’s ability to craft and insert malicious code into the shortcode
attributes. Privileges required are minimal—contributor-level access
suffices—since the attacker must be able to create or modify content, but no
higher permissions are necessary. The exploitation involves user interaction, as
the malicious script only executes when another user views the infected page,
thus making it a classic case of stored XSS with scope change, affecting the
victim’s browser context and potentially enabling theft of confidential
information such as session cookies, or executing actions on behalf of the user,
although it does not directly compromise core data integrity or system
availability. The impact on confidentiality and integrity is low, limited to
information disclosure and potential manipulation of webpage content, while the
impact on availability remains negligible, as the vulnerability does not cause
system crashes or resource exhaustion. The CVSS assessment reflects a medium
severity, with the attack vector being network-based, requiring low attack
complexity and privileges, and involving user interaction, with scope change and
low impacts on confidentiality and integrity. Given the publicly available
references, the technical analysis, and the consistent pattern of exploitation
mechanisms, confidence in this intelligence is high, supported by multiple
sources including Wordfence and the WordPress plugin repository, which confirm
the root cause and exploitability details. Mitigation strategies include
promptly updating the plugin to version 1.9 or later, where input sanitization
and output escaping have been improved, removing or disabling the vulnerable
shortcode, and implementing strict access controls to prevent low-privilege
users from editing or inserting malicious content. Additionally, site
administrators should review user roles and permissions, enable security plugins
that detect malicious payloads, and monitor for anomalous content modifications.
Regular vulnerability assessments and timely patching are essential to prevent
exploitation, especially considering the ease of attack and the potential for
widespread impact across affected WordPress sites. Overall, the intelligence on
CVE-2024-9898 is robust, with high confidence stemming from multiple
corroborative sources and detailed technical analysis, underscoring the
importance of immediate remediation actions to mitigate potential exploitation
risks.