CVE-2024-9970 pertains to a critical privilege escalation vulnerability
affecting all versions of the FlowMaster BPM Plus system from NewType, which is
primarily caused by reliance on cookies without proper validation and integrity
checks. The root cause stems from the application’s failure to verify the
authenticity and integrity of a specific cookie used for session and privilege
management, allowing an attacker with standard user privileges to manipulate
this cookie and escalate their access rights to an administrator level.
Exploitation involves an attacker remotely sending crafted HTTP requests with
maliciously altered cookies, exploiting the absence of cryptographic validation
or integrity verification mechanisms, thus bypassing normal privilege controls.
The vulnerability’s CVSS metrics reflect a high severity, with the attack vector
classified as network-based, requiring no physical access but accessible over
the internet, and with low attack complexity since the attacker only needs to
craft and send a malicious cookie once they have network access. Privileges
required are low, as the attacker must already have a valid user account, but no
elevated privileges are necessary beforehand. User interaction is none, as the
attacker can perform the exploit independently without victim involvement, and
scope remains unchanged, affecting only the compromised system. The impact on
confidentiality, integrity, and availability is significant; once administrator
privileges are obtained, the attacker can access sensitive data, modify system
configurations, and potentially disrupt service operations, leading to a high
overall risk profile. Real-world exploitation scenarios could involve malicious
actors gaining initial access via phishing or credential theft, then leveraging
cookie tampering to elevate privileges and execute malicious administrative
actions, such as data exfiltration, system sabotage, or deploying further
malware. Mitigation strategies include implementing cryptographic validation of
cookies, such as signing or encrypting session tokens, enforcing strict
server-side validation of privilege-related cookies, and deploying comprehensive
session management controls that prevent unauthorized privilege escalation.
Additionally, applying patches or updates provided by the vendor that address
this vulnerability, coupled with continuous monitoring of anomalous activity
related to privilege changes, is essential. Organizations should also enforce
least privilege principles and conduct regular security audits of session
handling mechanisms. Our confidence in this intelligence is high, given the
detailed technical root cause analysis, the availability of authoritative
references, and the consistency of the evidence with known cookie-based
privilege escalation patterns. While the vulnerability’s specifics are
well-documented, ongoing threat actor interest cannot be ruled out, especially
given the potential for widespread exploitation in environments running
vulnerable versions of FlowMaster BPM Plus.