CVE-2024-9930 is a critical authentication bypass vulnerability affecting all
versions up to and including 0.2.3.2 of the "Extensions by HocWP Team" plugin
for WordPress, specifically within its Account extension module. The root cause
of the issue lies in the absence of proper validation within the 'verify_email'
action handler, which fails to confirm the authenticity or authorization of the
user identity being supplied in the request. This oversight enables
unauthenticated attackers to craft a malicious HTTP request that invokes the
vulnerable endpoint and specifies the email address or username of any existing
user on the site. Due to the lack of verification, the plugin erroneously treats
the request as legitimate and initiates a session as the targeted user,
effectively bypassing all authentication controls. The exploitation mechanism is
straightforward and does not require any prior access, credentials, or user
interaction, making it highly accessible to remote attackers via standard web
traffic. From a risk assessment perspective, the vulnerability presents a severe
threat across all core security dimensions: confidentiality is compromised as
attackers gain access to sensitive user data and administrative interfaces;
integrity is at risk due to the potential for malicious content injection,
configuration tampering, and privilege escalation; and availability is
endangered because attackers with administrative access can disable site
functionality, delete content, or deploy destructive payloads. The attack vector
is fully remote over the network, and the complexity is minimal, as exploitation
only requires a single crafted request without any environmental prerequisites
or chained vulnerabilities. In real-world scenarios, this flaw could be
exploited by threat actors to hijack administrator accounts on publicly
accessible WordPress sites, leading to full site takeover, defacement, data
theft, or use of the compromised site as a platform for further attacks such as
phishing or malware distribution. Additionally, the vulnerability could be
leveraged in automated botnet campaigns targeting vulnerable WordPress
installations at scale, particularly given the ease of exploitation and the
widespread use of the plugin. To mitigate this threat, site administrators
should immediately update the plugin to a patched version once available or
disable the Account extension entirely if an update is not yet released. As an
interim measure, deploying a web application firewall (WAF) with custom rules to
block unauthorized access to the 'verify_email' endpoint may reduce exposure.
Furthermore, administrators are advised to audit user accounts for signs of
unauthorized access, rotate credentials for privileged users, and monitor server
logs for suspicious activity. Based on the available technical evidence,
including direct analysis of the vulnerable code path and corroboration from
reputable threat intelligence sources, the confidence level in this assessment
is high. The vulnerability is well-documented, reproducible, and has been
independently verified, indicating a clear and present danger to affected
systems.