CVE-2024-9921 pertains to a critical SQL injection vulnerability affecting
version 13.5.* of the Team+ product developed by TEAMPLUS TECHNOLOGY, which
arises from improper validation of specific page parameters within the
application. The root cause stems from inadequate input sanitization on the
server side, allowing attackers to craft malicious HTTP requests that inject
arbitrary SQL commands directly into the backend database queries. This flaw
enables unauthenticated remote attackers to exploit the vulnerability over the
network, as the attack vector involves sending specially crafted requests to the
vulnerable web endpoint without requiring prior authentication or user
interaction, thus classifying it as a network-based attack with low complexity.
The exploitation mechanism involves the attacker manipulating the page parameter
to include malicious SQL payloads, which the backend executes without
validation, leading to full database access. This results in a high
confidentiality impact, as attackers can read sensitive data, including user
credentials and proprietary information, and a high integrity impact, since they
can modify or delete database records, potentially falsifying or corrupting
data. The availability is also severely compromised, as destructive commands
like DELETE or DROP can be executed, causing service disruption or data loss.
The CVSS assessment reflects a critical risk level, with the attack vector being
remote, requiring no privileges or user interaction, and the scope remaining
within the application boundary. The attack complexity is low, given the
straightforward nature of input injection, and the impacts on confidentiality,
integrity, and availability are all rated high due to the potential for complete
data exposure, manipulation, and service outage. Real-world exploitation
scenarios could involve threat actors scanning internet-facing instances of
Team+ for vulnerable endpoints, then deploying automated scripts to inject
malicious SQL payloads, extracting sensitive information, or corrupting the
database to disrupt operations. Attackers might also leverage this vulnerability
for data theft in targeted campaigns or to facilitate further intrusion
activities, such as privilege escalation or lateral movement within compromised
networks. Mitigation strategies include applying patches provided by the vendor
that enforce rigorous input validation and parameter sanitization, especially on
the page parameter susceptible to injection, along with implementing Web
Application Firewall (WAF) rules to detect and block malicious payloads.
Additionally, organizations should review and restrict network access to the
application, enable least privilege database access controls, and perform
regular security audits and vulnerability scans to identify and remediate
similar flaws. Given the detailed technical analysis and the consistency of the
evidence, confidence in this threat intelligence is high, supported by official
advisories and technical breakdowns that confirm the root cause, exploitation
method, and impact scope. Overall, CVE-2024-9921 represents a severe security
risk that demands prompt remediation to prevent potential data breaches and
service disruptions, especially considering its ease of exploitation and the
high severity of its impacts.