CVE-2024-9947 pertains to a critical authentication bypass vulnerability
affecting all versions of the ProfilePress Pro plugin for WordPress up to and
including 4.11.1, stemming from insufficient verification of social login
tokens, which allows unauthenticated attackers to log in as any existing user,
including high-privilege accounts such as administrators. The root cause lies in
the plugin’s flawed token validation process, where the server fails to
adequately verify the authenticity and integrity of social login tokens received
over network communications, enabling attackers to craft malicious tokens that
the system accepts without proper validation. Exploitation involves remote
attackers sending specially crafted social login tokens via standard HTTP
requests, exploiting the server’s inadequate verification mechanism, thus making
the attack vector network-based with low complexity, as no advanced conditions
or environmental prerequisites are necessary. Since no privileges are required
prior to exploitation and user interaction is unnecessary—attackers can operate
independently by simply sending malicious tokens—the attack is highly accessible
and straightforward. The scope of impact extends beyond the plugin itself, as
successful exploitation grants attackers the ability to impersonate any user,
including administrators, thereby affecting the entire system’s security
boundary, which constitutes a scope change. The consequences are severe, with
high confidentiality impact due to unauthorized access to sensitive user data,
high integrity impact because attackers can modify site content and
configurations, and high availability impact resulting from potential service
disruptions or system destabilization caused by malicious administrative
activities. In real-world scenarios, threat actors could leverage this
vulnerability to gain persistent administrative access, exfiltrate sensitive
data, or manipulate website content, leading to data breaches, reputational
damage, or prolonged system compromise. Mitigation involves promptly updating
the plugin to the latest version where the verification process is strengthened,
implementing strict server-side validation of social login tokens, and deploying
Web Application Firewalls (WAFs) to detect and block malicious request patterns.
Additionally, administrators should audit user accounts for unauthorized access,
enforce multi-factor authentication where possible, and monitor logs for
suspicious login activities. Given the nature of the vulnerability—remote,
unauthenticated, with widespread impact—the confidence in this threat
intelligence is high, supported by detailed technical analysis, official CVE
documentation, and corroborating threat intelligence sources that emphasize the
flaw’s severity and exploitability. Overall, CVE-2024-9947 represents a
significant security risk for WordPress sites utilizing affected versions of
ProfilePress Pro, necessitating immediate remediation actions to prevent
potential exploitation and mitigate the risk of severe data breaches and system
compromise.