CVE-2024-9922 pertains to a relative path traversal vulnerability affecting
Team+ versions 13.5.* developed by TEAMPLUS TECHNOLOGY, which permits
unauthenticated remote attackers to read arbitrary system files by exploiting
improper validation of a specific page parameter within the web application. The
root cause of this vulnerability lies in inadequate sanitization of
user-supplied input, specifically the page parameter, allowing attackers to
manipulate the input to traverse directories and access sensitive files outside
the intended scope. Exploitation involves sending crafted HTTP requests
containing malicious path sequences that bypass the application's validation
checks, enabling the attacker to read files such as configuration files,
credentials, or other sensitive data stored on the server. From a CVSS
perspective, the attack vector is network-based, as the attacker can exploit the
flaw remotely over the internet without physical or local access, and the attack
complexity is low because no advanced conditions or multi-step processes are
necessary; the attacker only needs to craft a specific request. Privileges
required are none, as no authentication is needed to trigger the vulnerability,
and user interaction is not required, since the attack can be automated and
performed directly by the attacker. The scope remains unchanged because the
impact is confined within the application's boundary, but the confidentiality
impact is high, given the potential for disclosure of sensitive system files,
which could include internal logs, credentials, or configuration data. The
integrity and availability impacts are negligible, as the vulnerability solely
enables reading files without modifying data or causing system downtime. In
real-world scenarios, this flaw could be exploited by malicious actors scanning
exposed web services to harvest sensitive information, potentially leading to
further compromise such as privilege escalation or lateral movement if critical
files are accessed. Attackers might target publicly accessible instances of
Team+ to exfiltrate configuration files or internal logs, or leverage the
information gained to craft more sophisticated attacks. Mitigation involves
applying the vendor-provided patches that enforce strict validation and
sanitization of user input, particularly the page parameter, to prevent
directory traversal. Implementing input validation routines, such as
whitelisting acceptable filenames or paths, and employing security controls like
web application firewalls with rules to detect traversal patterns, are crucial
steps. Additionally, restricting file system permissions to limit access to
sensitive directories and monitoring logs for suspicious activity can further
reduce risk. Upgrading to the latest version of Team+ where the vulnerability is
addressed is strongly recommended. Confidence in this threat intelligence is
high, given the detailed technical root cause analysis, the clear exploitation
mechanism, and the corroborating references from official advisories, which
collectively affirm the severity and exploitability of CVE-2024-9922.