CVE-2024-9997 is a critical memory corruption vulnerability affecting multiple
versions of Autodesk AutoCAD and its related products, including AutoCAD LT,
AutoCAD Architecture, Electrical, Map 3D, Mechanical, MEP, Plant 3D, Civil 3D,
Advance Steel, DWG TrueView, and RealDWG, all of which utilize the acdb25.dll
component responsible for parsing DWG files. The root cause stems from a classic
buffer overflow flaw, specifically a CWE-120 issue, where the parsing process
fails to properly validate the size of input data within the DLL, leading to
unchecked memory copy operations. When a maliciously crafted DWG file is
processed, the parsing routine attempts to copy data without verifying the
buffer boundaries, resulting in memory corruption that can cause application
crashes, data leaks, or arbitrary code execution within the context of the
AutoCAD process. Exploitation hinges on the attacker delivering a specially
crafted DWG file via email, shared storage, or download, and convincing a user
to open it, as the attack vector is local, requiring user interaction and
interaction with the vulnerable application. The exploitation complexity is low
because the malicious file triggers the vulnerability deterministically once
parsed, with no additional environmental conditions or timing constraints
needed. The attacker does not require any privileges beforehand, as the attack
occurs within the context of the user executing AutoCAD, making it accessible to
any attacker capable of convincing a user to open the malicious file. The scope
remains unchanged, as the impact is confined to the vulnerable component, but
the consequences are severe: high confidentiality impact due to potential data
leaks, high integrity impact because arbitrary code execution can alter or
compromise design files or application behavior, and high availability impact
owing to potential crashes and denial of service. In real-world scenarios, this
vulnerability could be exploited by threat actors in targeted attacks against
organizations relying heavily on AutoCAD for design and engineering workflows,
where an attacker might distribute malicious DWG files via email campaigns or
compromised file-sharing platforms, aiming to compromise user systems or
exfiltrate sensitive proprietary data. Mitigation strategies include applying
the vendorâ€™s security patches promptly, which address the parsing flaw by
implementing proper input validation and memory safety checks within acdb25.dll,
and enforcing strict email filtering and user awareness training to prevent
opening untrusted files. Additionally, disabling or restricting the processing
of untrusted DWG files in environments where immediate patch deployment is not
feasible can reduce risk. Implementing application whitelisting, deploying
endpoint detection and response solutions, and ensuring regular backups of
critical design data further bolster defenses. Given the detailed technical
analysis and the consistency of the evidence with known exploitation patterns
for memory corruption vulnerabilities, confidence in this intelligence is high;
the root cause analysis, exploitation mechanism, and impact assessments are
based on official vendor advisories, CVSS scoring, and observed behaviors in
similar vulnerabilities, providing a comprehensive understanding of the threat
landscape posed by CVE-2024-9997.