CVE-2024-9971 pertains to a critical SQL injection vulnerability in the
FlowMaster BPM Plus product from NewType, affecting all versions of the
software, including version 0. This flaw arises from improper input validation
within a specific query functionality, which fails to sufficiently neutralize
special characters or SQL syntax embedded in user inputs. The root cause is a
lack of adequate sanitization mechanisms in the application's query handling
code, allowing attackers to craft malicious input that is directly concatenated
into SQL statements without proper escaping or parameterization. Exploitation
occurs through remote network access, where an attacker with at least regular
user privileges can send specially crafted HTTP requests to the vulnerable web
interface, exploiting the unfiltered input fields to inject arbitrary SQL
commands. This low-complexity attack does not require additional environmental
conditions or multi-step procedures, making it straightforward for an attacker
to execute. Since the attacker only needs to be authenticated with standard
privileges, the attack surface is broad, especially in environments where user
input is not rigorously validated. The impact scope is confined to the
application's database, but the consequences are severe: attackers can read
sensitive data, modify or delete records, and potentially compromise the entire
database, leading to significant breaches of confidentiality, integrity, and
availability. Real-world exploitation scenarios could include an attacker
gaining access to internal or public-facing web portals, submitting malicious
input via search or data entry forms, and executing SQL commands to exfiltrate
confidential information such as user credentials or financial data, or to
corrupt or delete critical records, resulting in service disruption. Mitigation
strategies include implementing robust input validation and sanitization
routines, employing parameterized queries or prepared statements to prevent
injection, and applying strict access controls to limit user privileges.
Additionally, deploying web application firewalls with SQL injection detection
signatures, conducting regular security audits, and promptly applying patches or
updates provided by the vendor are essential to reduce risk. Given the detailed
technical analysis and the consistency with the official vulnerability
description, confidence in this threat intelligence is high; the root cause,
exploitation mechanism, and impact are well-understood and supported by multiple
references, including official advisories and technical assessments.