CVE-2024-9909 describes a critical remotely exploitable buffer overflow
vulnerability in the D-Link DIR-619L B1 router running firmware version 2.06,
specifically affecting the `formSetMuti` function in the `/goform/formSetMuti`
endpoint, where inadequate input validation of the `curTime` parameter allows
attackers to inject excessively long strings that overwrite adjacent memory on
the stack or heap. This flaw stems from the failure to enforce bounds checking
during string processing within embedded HTTP request handling routines, likely
implemented in unsafe C/C++ libraries lacking protective constructs such as safe
string copy functions or stack canaries, enabling attackers to trigger memory
corruption and potentially execute arbitrary code with root-level privileges.
The vulnerability's risk profile indicates immediate remote code execution
potential without requiring prior authentication or specialized user
interaction, implying minimal attack complexity and significant impact on both
confidentiality and integrity, as compromise of this component may permit full
administrative access to the device and lateral movement through a trusted
network. Given the publicly available proof-of-concept exploit and lack of
mitigation mechanisms in legacy firmware, threat actors can automate
exploitation by scanning for exposed WAN-facing management interfaces and
issuing crafted POST requests to the vulnerable endpoint, making it feasible to
compromise large numbers of devices used by consumers or small businesses.
Attackers could integrate this exploit into botnet malware to conscript
vulnerable routers into distributed denial-of-service campaigns or deploy
payloads to intercept user traffic and conduct persistent surveillance on
internal networks, particularly in environments where such devices serve as the
default gateway. To mitigate risk, network defenders should immediately isolate
affected devices from untrusted networks, disable remote administrative access
where feasible, and apply firmware updates if available, though at this time
there is no indication of a vendor patch. As an interim workaround, deploying
ingress filtering or application-layer reverse proxies to intercept malicious
POST requests targeting `/goform/formSetMuti` may reduce exposure. Given the
depth of technical evidence, public exploit disclosures, and the nature of the
vulnerability class, our confidence in the accuracy of this assessment is high,
though uncertainty remains regarding exploitation prevalence in the wild absent
telemetry or incident reporting from major cybersecurity vendors.