CVE-2024-9913 is a critical buffer overflow vulnerability identified in the
D-Link DIR-619L B1 router running firmware version 2.06, affecting the function
formSetRoute within the /goform/formSetRoute endpoint. The root cause stems from
improper validation of the curTime argument, which is directly manipulated by
user-supplied input without adequate bounds checking, leading to a buffer
overflow condition. When an attacker supplies a maliciously crafted curTime
value, it can overwrite adjacent memory regions, potentially enabling arbitrary
code execution or system crashes. The vulnerability’s exploitation mechanism
involves sending a specially crafted HTTP request to the vulnerable endpoint,
exploiting the lack of input sanitization to overflow the buffer. This can be
achieved remotely, as no authentication bypass or local access is required,
making it highly accessible to threat actors. The attack complexity is low,
given the straightforward nature of the exploit, which can be executed with
basic knowledge of HTTP requests and the device’s API. In real-world scenarios,
malicious actors could leverage this flaw to gain persistent control over
affected routers, redirect network traffic, intercept sensitive data, or launch
further attacks within the network, especially in environments where the router
serves as a gateway or critical network component. The public disclosure of the
exploit code amplifies the risk, as it lowers the barrier for opportunistic
attackers to weaponize the vulnerability rapidly. Mitigation strategies include
immediately updating the firmware to a patched version provided by D-Link, which
addresses input validation issues within formSetRoute, or applying network-level
controls such as firewall rules to restrict access to the vulnerable endpoint
from untrusted sources. Disabling remote management features or isolating
affected devices from the internet can further reduce exposure. Additionally,
network administrators should conduct thorough audits of network traffic for
signs of exploitation attempts and monitor for unusual activity indicative of
buffer overflow exploitation. Given the publicly available exploit details and
the straightforward attack vector, confidence in the threat intelligence is
high, although the actual prevalence depends on the deployment of vulnerable
devices and attacker awareness. Overall, this vulnerability represents a
significant risk to organizations relying on the affected D-Link routers,
emphasizing the importance of prompt patching, network segmentation, and
vigilant monitoring to mitigate potential damage.