CVE-2024-9918 represents a critical SQL injection vulnerability affecting
HuangDou UTCMS version 9, specifically targeting the RunSql function within the
app/modules/ut-data/admin/sql.php file. The root cause of this vulnerability
stems from improper handling and sanitization of user-supplied input passed
through the sql argument, which is directly incorporated into SQL queries
without adequate validation or parameterization. This flaw enables an attacker
to manipulate the input to inject malicious SQL code, potentially allowing
arbitrary query execution on the underlying database. The exploitation mechanism
involves remotely sending crafted HTTP requests that supply malicious SQL
payloads via the vulnerable parameter, exploiting the lack of input sanitization
to execute arbitrary commands, extract sensitive data, or modify database
contents. Given the nature of the flaw, the attack vector is remote, with low
complexity, as it requires no authentication or advanced techniques beyond
crafting specific payloads. The vulnerability's severity is heightened by the
fact that the exploit can be executed over standard web interfaces, making it
accessible to a broad range of threat actors. In real-world scenarios, malicious
actors could leverage this flaw to exfiltrate confidential information such as
user credentials, financial data, or internal configurations, or to escalate
privileges within the application environment, potentially leading to broader
network compromise. Attackers might also deploy automated scanning tools to
identify vulnerable instances and execute mass exploitation campaigns. To
mitigate this risk, organizations should immediately apply patches provided by
HuangDou that address the input validation flaw, or implement strict input
validation and parameterized queries at the application level to prevent SQL
injection. Disabling or restricting access to the affected modules until proper
fixes are deployed is also recommended. Additionally, web application firewalls
(WAFs) configured to detect and block SQL injection payloads can serve as an
interim protective measure. Conducting thorough security assessments and
monitoring logs for suspicious activity related to the sql parameter can help
identify ongoing exploitation attempts. Given the public disclosure of the
exploit and the lack of vendor response, confidence in the threat intelligence
is high, as the vulnerability has been validated and publicly documented,
increasing the likelihood of active exploitation in the wild. The combination of
technical simplicity for attackers, the critical impact potential, and the
public availability of exploit details underscores the urgency for affected
organizations to prioritize remediation efforts to prevent data breaches and
system compromise.