CVE-2024-9911 is a critical buffer overflow vulnerability affecting D-Link
DIR-619L B1 routers running firmware version 2.06, specifically targeting the
function formSetPortTr within the file /goform/formSetPortTr. The root cause of
this vulnerability stems from improper validation of user-supplied input in the
argument curTime, which is used directly in memory operations without adequate
bounds checking, leading to a buffer overflow condition. Attackers can exploit
this flaw remotely by sending crafted HTTP requests to the affected endpoint,
manipulating the curTime parameter to overflow the buffer and potentially
execute arbitrary code or cause denial-of-service conditions. The exploitation
mechanism involves sending a specially crafted request that exceeds the
allocated buffer size, overwriting adjacent memory regions, which could allow an
attacker to execute malicious payloads or crash the device, disrupting network
services. Given the remote nature of the attack and the ease of exploitation
without requiring authentication, this vulnerability presents a high risk to
affected devices, especially in environments where the router is exposed to
untrusted networks. The attack vector is network-based, with low complexity, as
it relies on standard HTTP request manipulation, making it accessible to a broad
range of threat actors, including script kiddies and more sophisticated
adversaries. In real-world scenarios, malicious actors could exploit this flaw
to gain persistent access to the network, intercept or modify traffic, or pivot
to other internal systems, especially if the router manages sensitive data or
critical network infrastructure. Mitigation strategies include applying firmware
updates provided by D-Link that address this specific flaw, disabling remote
management interfaces if not needed, and implementing network segmentation to
restrict access to the routerâ€™s administrative functions. Additionally,
deploying intrusion detection systems to monitor for suspicious traffic
targeting the affected endpoint can help identify exploitation attempts. As the
exploit has been publicly disclosed, the likelihood of active exploitation
increases, emphasizing the importance of prompt patching. Confidence in this
intelligence is high, given the detailed technical root cause analysis, the
availability of exploit code, and the confirmation of the vulnerability's impact
through multiple references. Overall, this vulnerability underscores the
critical need for timely firmware updates and rigorous input validation in IoT
and network device firmware to prevent similar buffer overflow issues that could
compromise device integrity and network security.