CVE-2024-9923 pertains to a critical vulnerability in the Team+ application
developed by TEAMPLUS TECHNOLOGY, affecting versions 13.5.*, which stems from
improper validation of a specific page parameter, leading to a relative path
traversal flaw classified under CWE-23. This flaw permits remote attackers to
leverage crafted web requests to manipulate file paths, enabling the movement of
arbitrary system files into the web server’s root directory and consequently
exposing sensitive data or system files to unauthorized access. The root cause
lies in insufficient sanitization of user-supplied input within the page
parameter, allowing attackers to exploit directory traversal sequences such as
"../" to navigate the server’s filesystem beyond intended boundaries.
Exploitation involves sending maliciously crafted HTTP requests with manipulated
parameters that bypass validation checks, resulting in the server executing file
operations that relocate files to accessible web locations. Given that the
attack can be carried out remotely over the network interface without user
interaction, and considering the straightforward nature of the payloads, the
attack complexity is low once the attacker has administrator privileges. The
vulnerability’s exploitation requires high privileges, meaning the attacker must
already possess administrative access to the system, which significantly limits
the attack surface but amplifies the impact once access is obtained. The attack
does not necessitate user interaction or additional environmental conditions,
making it reliably exploitable under the right privileges. From a scope
perspective, the vulnerability affects the application’s internal file system,
allowing manipulation of files within the web server’s directory structure,
which can impact other components beyond the initial scope, thus altering the
security boundary. The primary impact is on confidentiality, as the attacker can
access and disclose sensitive files by moving them into the web root,
potentially exposing configuration files, credentials, or logs. The integrity
impact is also notable, as relocating files can disrupt system operations,
overwrite critical files, or introduce malicious content, thereby compromising
data trustworthiness. Although the vulnerability does not directly impact system
availability, the unintended relocation of essential files can cause service
disruptions or system malfunctions, indirectly affecting operational continuity.
The CVSS assessment, based on these technical details, indicates a high impact
on confidentiality, high privileges required, remote attack vector with low
complexity, and no user interaction needed, culminating in a medium overall risk
rating. Real-world exploitation scenarios could involve an attacker with
compromised administrator credentials leveraging the web interface to exfiltrate
sensitive data or manipulate the server’s file structure to facilitate further
attacks, such as deploying malicious payloads or establishing persistence.
Mitigation strategies include enforcing strict input validation and sanitization
on all page parameters, implementing least privilege principles to restrict
administrative access, and deploying web application firewalls to detect and
block path traversal payloads. Additionally, applying timely patches provided by
the vendor to address this flaw, coupled with regular security audits and
monitoring for abnormal file operations, can significantly reduce the risk.
Given the detailed technical analysis and the consistency of the provided
metadata and evidence, confidence in this threat intelligence is high, as it
aligns with standard vulnerability assessment methodologies and is supported by
authoritative references. Overall, CVE-2024-9923 presents a significant risk to
affected systems, especially in environments where administrative credentials
may be compromised or poorly protected, emphasizing the importance of proactive
security controls and prompt remediation efforts.