CVE-2024-9927 pertains to a critical privilege escalation vulnerability
affecting all versions of the WooCommerce Order Proposal plugin for WordPress up
to and including 2.0.5, stemming from an improper implementation of the
allow_payment_without_login function. This flaw arises because the function
fails to enforce proper authentication checks, allowing an attacker with at
least Shop Manager-level privileges to manipulate the login process and
impersonate arbitrary user accounts, including those with administrator rights.
The root cause lies in the flawed logic within the function, which inadvertently
permits privilege escalation by bypassing intended access controls, enabling an
authenticated attacker to escalate their privileges without additional
authentication steps. Exploitation involves sending crafted web requests over
the network—since the vulnerability resides in a web-accessible plugin—making
the attack vector remote. The attack complexity is low because it relies on a
known, straightforward flaw that does not depend on timing, race conditions, or
specific environmental configurations; the attacker simply needs to be logged in
with sufficient privileges and can then trigger the exploit without further user
interaction. The privileges required are low, as the attacker must already have
a user account with Shop Manager or higher permissions, which are common within
WordPress role hierarchies, thus lowering the barrier to exploitation. Once
exploited, the scope of impact broadens significantly, as the attacker can log
in as any user, including administrators, effectively compromising the entire
system security boundary and gaining full control over site content,
configurations, and sensitive data. The confidentiality impact is high because
the attacker can access and exfiltrate sensitive information by impersonating
privileged users, while the integrity impact is similarly high, as they can
modify site data, user information, and configurations, undermining
trustworthiness. The availability impact is also high, as the attacker’s
elevated privileges could be used to disable services, delete critical data, or
disrupt site operations, leading to potential downtime or degraded performance.
Real-world exploitation scenarios could include a compromised Shop Manager
account being used to escalate privileges and gain admin access, followed by
data exfiltration or malicious content modification, or an attacker exploiting a
valid user account on a vulnerable site to escalate privileges and then perform
malicious actions such as defacing the website or disabling key functionalities.
Mitigation strategies involve promptly updating the plugin to a patched version
where the flawed function is corrected to enforce proper authentication checks,
removing or disabling the plugin if updates are unavailable, and implementing
strict access controls to limit the number of users with Shop Manager
privileges. Additionally, deploying web application firewalls and monitoring for
abnormal login or privilege escalation activities can help detect and prevent
exploitation attempts. Ensuring strong, unique credentials for all user roles
and employing multi-factor authentication further reduces the risk of initial
compromise. Given the detailed technical analysis, the consistent pattern of the
flaw across all versions, and the publicly available exploit references,
confidence in this threat intelligence is high; the vulnerability’s root cause,
exploitation mechanism, and impact are well-understood and documented, providing
a reliable basis for proactive defense measures.