CVE-2024-9915 is a remotely exploitable buffer overflow vulnerability affecting
the D-Link DIR-619L B1 router running firmware version 2.06, specifically within
the formVirtualServ function located in the /goform/formVirtualServ endpoint.
The flaw arises from improper bounds checking on the curTime parameter, which,
when manipulated with a specially crafted HTTP request, allows an attacker to
overwrite memory beyond the allocated buffer. This classic buffer overflow
condition stems from the absence of input validation and size constraints during
string copy operations, enabling arbitrary code execution or system crashes. The
vulnerability poses a severe risk due to its network-based attack vector, low
attack complexity, and lack of user interaction or elevated privileges required
for exploitation. The routerâ€™s exposure to the internet and the public
availability of exploit code significantly increase the likelihood of real-world
attacks, particularly in consumer or small office environments where firmware
updates are infrequent. Threat actors could leverage this flaw to deploy
persistent backdoors, intercept traffic, or pivot laterally within compromised
networks. Mitigation requires immediate firmware updates from D-Link, though no
official patch has been confirmed at the time of writing. As a temporary
measure, users should disable remote management, restrict WAN access to the
device, and monitor for anomalous traffic patterns. Given the technical clarity
of the root cause, the reproducibility of the exploit, and corroborating public
disclosures including proof-of-concept code hosted on GitHub
[[0]](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-9915), confidence in the
accuracy and severity of this intelligence is high. > [0] [NVD -
CVE-2024-9915](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-9915)