CVE-2024-9961 is a use-after-free vulnerability identified in the ParcelTracking
component of Google Chrome for iOS versions prior to 130.0.6723.58, which
permits remote attackers to induce heap corruption by luring users into
interacting with a maliciously crafted HTML page. The root cause lies in
improper memory management within the ParcelTracking module, where an object is
prematurely freed but still referenced during subsequent operations, leading to
undefined behavior and potential memory corruption. This flaw can be exploited
when a user performs specific UI gestures—such as clicking or navigating—on
attacker-controlled web content, triggering access to the dangling pointer and
enabling arbitrary code execution within the browser’s context. The
vulnerability is remotely exploitable over the network without requiring any
privileges, and although user interaction is necessary, the gestures involved
are minimal and easily induced through social engineering or deceptive UI
design. The attack complexity is low, as no special conditions or configurations
are needed beyond standard browser behavior. The impact is severe: successful
exploitation could allow attackers to access sensitive data processed by the
browser, such as session tokens, credentials, or browsing history, thereby
compromising confidentiality. Additionally, the ability to manipulate memory and
execute arbitrary code enables attackers to alter browser behavior or stored
data, undermining integrity. Furthermore, heap corruption may crash the browser
or render it unstable, resulting in a significant availability impact. The
vulnerability does not cross security boundaries, meaning its effects are
confined to the Chrome process and do not extend to other system components or
user contexts. Real-world exploitation scenarios include phishing campaigns
where users are directed to malicious websites that exploit this flaw upon
interaction, potentially leading to data theft, persistent browser compromise,
or denial of service. Mitigation involves updating to Chrome version
130.0.6723.58 or later, which includes a patch that ensures proper memory
lifecycle management in the affected component. Users should also be cautious of
unsolicited links and avoid interacting with suspicious web content.
Organizations may consider deploying browser isolation technologies or endpoint
protection solutions capable of detecting heap corruption behaviors. Based on
the available technical evidence, CVSS vector analysis, and alignment with known
exploitation patterns in similar use-after-free vulnerabilities, the confidence
level in this assessment is high.