CVE-2024-9910 is a critical buffer overflow vulnerability affecting D-Link
DIR-619L B1 routers running firmware version 2.06, specifically within the
formSetPassword function exposed via the /goform/formSetPassword endpoint. The
flaw arises from improper bounds checking on the curTime parameter, which, when
manipulated with a specially crafted input, causes the application to write
beyond the allocated buffer space. This classic buffer copy vulnerability
(CWE-120) enables remote attackers to overwrite memory structures, potentially
leading to arbitrary code execution or system crashes. The vulnerability is
exploitable over the network without requiring user interaction, and only
low-level privileges are needed to trigger the flaw, significantly lowering the
attack complexity. The absence of authentication requirements and the remote
nature of the attack vector amplify the risk, especially given that a public
proof-of-concept exploit is available on GitHub
[[0]](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-9910). In real-world scenarios,
adversaries could leverage this flaw to compromise vulnerable routers en masse,
using automated scanning tools to identify exposed devices and inject malicious
payloads that establish persistent access or pivot into internal networks. The
impact on confidentiality, integrity, and availability is severe, as successful
exploitation could allow full control over the device, interception of traffic,
or disruption of service. Mitigation requires immediate firmware updates from
D-Link, though as of this writing, no official patch has been confirmed. Network
administrators should implement compensating controls such as disabling remote
management, segmenting IoT devices, and monitoring for anomalous traffic
patterns indicative of exploitation attempts. Given the public disclosure of the
exploit and the simplicity of the attack, the threat intelligence confidence
level is high, supported by multiple independent advisories and technical
analyses [[0]](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-9910). Organizations
using affected hardware should prioritize remediation to prevent opportunistic
exploitation in the wild. > [0] [NVD -
CVE-2024-9910](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-9910)