CVE-2024-9895 identifies a stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability
affecting all versions of the Smart Online Order for Clover plugin for WordPress
up to version 1.5.7, stemming from inadequate input sanitization and output
escaping in the handling of the moo_receipt_link shortcode. The root cause lies
in the plugin’s failure to properly neutralize user-supplied attributes within
the shortcode, allowing an authenticated attacker with contributor-level or
higher permissions to embed malicious JavaScript code into pages or posts.
Exploitation occurs when the attacker crafts a payload containing malicious
scripts and inserts it into the shortcode, which is then stored persistently in
the database. When a user with sufficient privileges or a visitor loads the
compromised page, the script executes within their browser context, potentially
leading to session hijacking, cookie theft, or UI deception. The attack vector
is remote, leveraging the web interface of the WordPress site, with the attack
complexity considered low due to the straightforward nature of injecting
unescaped scripts, requiring no special environmental conditions beyond plugin
installation and active status. Privileged access is necessary, as the attacker
must have at least contributor rights to publish or edit content containing the
malicious shortcode; anonymous exploitation is not feasible. User interaction is
required, since the malicious payload only executes when a victim visits the
compromised page, making the attack dependent on social engineering or targeted
content placement. The scope of the vulnerability is confined within the
plugin’s content rendering process, affecting only pages that contain the
injected shortcode, but it can lead to significant confidentiality and integrity
impacts, such as session cookie theft or content manipulation, while not
directly impacting system availability. The CVSS assessment indicates a network
attack vector with low attack complexity, requiring low privileges, and user
interaction, with the scope changed due to script execution in the browser, and
low impacts on confidentiality and integrity, but no impact on availability,
culminating in a medium severity rating. Real-world exploitation scenarios could
involve an attacker with contributor rights injecting malicious scripts into
product pages or order forms, which are then viewed by customers or
administrators, leading to potential session hijacking or credential theft.
Mitigation involves promptly updating the plugin to version 1.5.8 or later,
where input sanitization and output escaping are properly implemented, and
restricting contributor privileges to trusted users. Additionally, implementing
Web Application Firewall (WAF) rules to detect and block malicious payloads,
conducting regular security audits of user-generated content, and disabling or
removing vulnerable plugins can significantly reduce risk exposure. Given the
detailed technical analysis, the consistent pattern of the vulnerability, and
the publicly available references, confidence in this intelligence is high,
although the actual exploitation likelihood depends on attacker motivation and
targeted user privileges.