CVE-2024-9906 is a client-side cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability
identified in SourceCodester’s Online Eyewear Shop version 1.0, specifically
within the inventory viewing module located at
/admin/?page=inventory/view_inventory&id=2. The flaw stems from improper input
sanitization of the “Code” parameter, which is directly reflected in the HTML
output without adequate encoding or validation. This allows remote attackers to
inject arbitrary JavaScript payloads that execute in the context of the victim’s
browser session. The root cause lies in the absence of output encoding
mechanisms and failure to enforce contextual escaping for user-supplied input,
violating secure coding practices outlined in CWE-79. Exploitation requires
minimal attacker effort, as the attack vector is accessible over the network and
does not demand elevated privileges or complex preconditions. The vulnerability
is exposed through a low-complexity URL manipulation, such as appending a
malicious script to the “Code” parameter, which can be weaponized to hijack
sessions, exfiltrate sensitive data, or redirect users to malicious domains.
Given the lack of user interaction requirements and the remote accessibility of
the vulnerable endpoint, the risk is elevated by the potential for automated
exploitation via phishing campaigns or embedded links. Public disclosure of the
exploit, including a working proof-of-concept script, further amplifies the
threat landscape by lowering the barrier to entry for opportunistic attackers.
Real-world exploitation scenarios include attackers crafting URLs that, when
visited by authenticated administrators, execute unauthorized scripts capable of
altering inventory records, stealing authentication cookies, or impersonating
users within the application. Mitigation should prioritize immediate input
validation and output encoding for all dynamic parameters, particularly the
“Code” argument, using server-side sanitization libraries and frameworks that
enforce contextual escaping. Deployment of a robust Content Security Policy
(CSP) can further reduce the impact of script injection by restricting
executable sources. Additionally, access to the vulnerable admin endpoint should
be restricted through authentication controls and network segmentation to limit
exposure. While no vendor patch has been confirmed, administrators are advised
to implement interim mitigations such as input filtering and monitoring for
anomalous requests targeting the vulnerable path. Based on the publicly
available exploit code, consistent metadata across multiple advisories, and
alignment with known XSS exploitation patterns, the confidence level in this
intelligence assessment is high.