CVE-2024-9908 is a critical buffer overflow vulnerability affecting D-Link
DIR-619L B1 routers running firmware version 2.06, specifically targeting the
function formSetMACFilter within the /goform/formSetMACFilter endpoint. The root
cause of this vulnerability stems from improper validation and handling of
user-supplied input, particularly the argument curTime, which is used in the
process of setting MAC address filters. The function fails to adequately verify
the size and integrity of the input data before copying it into a fixed-size
buffer, leading to a buffer overflow condition when manipulated with crafted
data. An attacker can exploit this flaw by sending a specially crafted HTTP
request to the vulnerable endpoint, embedding malicious payloads within the
curTime parameter. This mechanism allows the attacker to overwrite adjacent
memory regions, potentially leading to arbitrary code execution, system crashes,
or device compromise. From a CVSS perspective, the vulnerability exhibits a high
impact due to its ability to enable remote code execution without
authentication, with the attack vector being network-based, requiring no
physical access. The complexity is low, as the exploit can be carried out with
straightforward scripting or automation, and the attack does not depend on user
interaction beyond initial request delivery. In real-world scenarios, threat
actors could leverage this vulnerability to gain persistent control over
affected routers, facilitating further malicious activities such as deploying
malware, intercepting network traffic, or pivoting into internal networks. For
instance, an attacker could compromise a large number of routers in a targeted
region, creating a botnet for distributed denial-of-service attacks or espionage
campaigns. Mitigation involves deploying firmware updates provided by D-Link
that patch the input validation logic within formSetMACFilter, alongside strict
network segmentation to limit exposure of management interfaces. Administrators
should disable remote management features if not needed, implement access
controls, and monitor network traffic for anomalous requests targeting the
vulnerable endpoint. Additionally, network security best practices recommend
disabling or restricting access to the affected interface via firewalls and
employing intrusion detection systems to identify exploitation attempts. Given
the publicly available exploit code and detailed technical descriptions, the
confidence in this intelligence is high, supported by multiple references and
confirmed by the disclosure timeline. The combination of a well-documented root
cause, active exploitation methods, and widespread device deployment underscores
the urgency for affected users to apply patches promptly and review network
security policies to mitigate potential widespread impact.