CVE-2024-9977 represents a critical remote code execution vulnerability
affecting MitraStar's GPT-2541GNAC router, specifically targeting the Firewall
Settings Page component, with the flaw residing in the handling of the
SrcInterface parameter within the /cgi-bin/settings-firewall.cgi endpoint. The
root cause stems from improper sanitization of user-supplied input in this CGI
script, which allows an attacker to manipulate the argument to inject arbitrary
operating system commands directly into the server's execution context.
Exploitation leverages the fact that the vulnerable function does not validate
or neutralize malicious payloads, enabling an attacker to craft a specially
designed request that includes OS commands within the SrcInterface parameter.
When processed, these commands are executed with the privileges of the web
server process, which often runs with elevated rights, thus facilitating
arbitrary command execution on the underlying device. The vulnerability's remote
nature and the absence of authentication requirements make it highly
exploitable, especially given that the attack vector involves simply sending a
malicious HTTP request to the affected CGI endpoint, which can be performed with
minimal complexity and no prior access to the device. In real-world scenarios,
malicious actors could exploit this flaw to gain persistent control over
affected routers, enabling activities such as installing backdoors, intercepting
network traffic, or pivoting into larger network environments. This could lead
to widespread network compromise, data exfiltration, or disruption of service,
particularly in environments where these routers are deployed as primary network
gateways. Mitigation involves applying firmware updates provided by MitraStar
once available, but given the vendor's unresponsive communication channels,
organizations should prioritize network-level controls such as disabling remote
management interfaces, implementing strict access controls, and deploying web
application firewalls to filter malicious requests targeting the vulnerable CGI
endpoint. Additionally, network segmentation and monitoring for suspicious
activity related to the affected device are crucial interim measures. Given the
publicly disclosed exploit and the ease of remote exploitation, the confidence
in this threat intelligence is high, supported by the detailed vulnerability
description, confirmed exploitation mechanism, and available references.
However, the absence of an official patch at the time of reporting introduces
some uncertainty regarding the immediate mitigation effectiveness, emphasizing
the importance of proactive network defenses and vendor engagement for timely
remediation.