CVE-2024-9937 pertains to a reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability
affecting all versions of the Woo Manage Fraud Orders plugin for WordPress up to
and including version 6.1.7, primarily due to inadequate input sanitization and
output escaping of the 'page' parameter. The root cause stems from the plugin’s
failure to properly neutralize malicious script content embedded within
user-supplied URL parameters, allowing attackers to craft URLs containing
malicious JavaScript payloads that are reflected back in the server’s response
without sufficient sanitization. Exploitation occurs when an attacker constructs
a URL with a malicious script embedded in the 'page' parameter and persuades a
user to click on this link, which then causes the script to execute within the
context of the victim’s browser. This mechanism leverages the reflection aspect
of the vulnerability, where the malicious input is immediately reflected in the
webpage response, enabling script execution in the context of the site. The
attack vector is remote, as it relies on delivering a specially crafted URL via
email, social media, or other communication channels, with no need for prior
authentication or privileges, making it accessible to unauthenticated actors.
The attack complexity is low because it requires no bypassing of security
controls or environmental conditions; the attacker simply needs to inject the
payload into the URL parameter and lure a user into clicking it. The
exploitation hinges on user interaction, as the malicious script only executes
if the victim clicks the link, making social engineering a critical component.
The CVSS risk assessment indicates a high likelihood of exploitation over the
network with minimal prerequisites, reflecting a scenario where an attacker can
remotely target any user visiting a malicious link, with the primary impact
being client-side script execution. The scope change metric is relevant because
the malicious script executes within the victim’s browser, affecting the
security context outside the plugin’s scope, potentially enabling theft of
session tokens or cookies, which could lead to session hijacking or
impersonation. The confidentiality impact is low, as the attacker’s ability to
steal sensitive data depends on the victim’s interaction with the malicious
script, but the core issue is client-side code execution rather than direct data
disclosure. The integrity impact is similarly low, limited to manipulating the
displayed content or deceiving users into performing unintended actions, without
affecting server-side data or system integrity. The vulnerability does not
impact system availability, as it does not cause crashes or resource exhaustion.
Mitigation involves updating the plugin to a version where input sanitization
and output escaping are properly implemented, or applying web application
firewall rules to block malicious URL patterns, alongside user education to
avoid clicking suspicious links. Developers should enhance input validation
routines to neutralize script content in URL parameters and ensure output
escaping is consistently applied. Given the detailed analysis and corroborating
references, confidence in this intelligence is high, as it aligns with standard
XSS exploitation patterns and is supported by authoritative vulnerability
reports and code references, confirming the root cause, exploitation mechanism,
and mitigation strategies.