CVE-2025-1947 exposes a critical command injection flaw in version 2.1.3 of the
hzmanyun Education and Training System, specifically within the function of the
component. The vulnerability stems from improper handling of user-supplied input
in the argument, which is passed unsanitized into system-level command execution
routines. This allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary commands through
standard HTTP request mechanisms, leveraging the application's exposed interface
without requiring elevated privileges or complex environmental conditions. The
exploit path is straightforward, relying on typical input parsing and execution
flow, and does not necessitate user interaction beyond the initial request
submission. Once exploited, the vulnerability can compromise system
confidentiality by exposing sensitive data, undermine integrity through
unauthorized data manipulation, and degrade availability via resource exhaustion
or service disruption. The scope of impact is generally confined to the
vulnerable module unless the injected commands pivot into backend systems or
escalate privileges, which could broaden the blast radius significantly.
Real-world exploitation scenarios include attackers remotely executing shell
commands to exfiltrate data, deploy malware, or establish persistent access,
especially in educational environments where such systems are publicly
accessible and often under-secured. Given that the exploit has been publicly
disclosed and is readily reproducible, the risk profile is elevated, and
exploitation is considered highly feasible. Mitigation requires immediate
patching or disabling of the vulnerable endpoint, coupled with rigorous input
validation and command execution safeguards. Organizations should also audit
access controls and monitor for anomalous activity indicative of exploitation
attempts. Based on the clarity of the technical root cause, the public
availability of exploit code, and the straightforward nature of the attack
vector, confidence in the assessment is high.