A critical vulnerability has been identified in the TOTOLINK EX1800T router,
specifically in version 9.1.0cu.2112_B20220316, affecting the setRebootScheCfg
function within the CGI script located at /cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi. This flaw
enables remote attackers to exploit OS command injection by manipulating
parameters such as mode, week, minute, and recHour, allowing them to execute
arbitrary operating system commands without requiring authentication or elevated
privileges. The exploitation process is straightforward, as it relies on
unsanitized input fields, which means that attackers can initiate the attack
through crafted HTTP requests without needing to bypass complex security
measures or engage in intricate steps. The lack of user interaction further
simplifies the attack, as it can be executed autonomously, making it feasible
for adversaries to automate the exploitation process. Given that the
vulnerability has been publicly disclosed, the risk of exploitation is
heightened, with potential scenarios including unauthorized access to sensitive
system resources or the execution of malicious commands that could compromise
the router's functionality and integrity. To mitigate this vulnerability, it is
imperative for users to apply any available firmware updates from TOTOLINK,
implement network segmentation to limit exposure, and consider employing
firewall rules to restrict access to the affected CGI endpoint. The confidence
in the assessment of this vulnerability is high, given the clear technical
details provided and the straightforward nature of the exploitation method,
which underscores the urgency for immediate remediation efforts by affected
users.