CVE-2025-0123 describes a flaw in Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS software versions
10.1.0 through 11.2.0, where improperly scoped access controls allow
authenticated but unlicensed administrators to retrieve decrypted HTTP/2 packet
capture data in clear text via the firewall’s management interface. The
vulnerability stems from inadequate enforcement of licensing checks tied to the
Decryption Port Mirror feature, which is intended to restrict access to
sensitive decrypted traffic unless explicitly enabled by authorized personnel.
While HTTP/1.1 traffic remains unaffected, the exposure of decrypted HTTP/2
streams poses a significant confidentiality risk, especially in environments
where sensitive data traverses internal networks. Exploitation requires
network-level access to the firewall’s management interface—accessible via web,
SSH, console, or telnet—and valid credentials with standard administrative
privileges, but does not demand elevated permissions or complex environmental
conditions. Once authenticated, an attacker can invoke the packet capture
functionality without triggering additional user interaction, making the attack
path relatively straightforward. The impact is confined to the firewall
component itself, with no indication of lateral effects on backend systems or
broader infrastructure, though the unauthorized visibility into decrypted
traffic could facilitate further reconnaissance or data harvesting. In realistic
scenarios, a threat actor with insider access or compromised credentials could
exploit this flaw to monitor sensitive communications, bypassing intended
licensing safeguards. The vulnerability does not inherently allow data
manipulation or service disruption, but repeated use could strain system
resources, potentially affecting performance. Mitigation involves enforcing
strict access controls to the management interface, limiting exposure to trusted
internal IP ranges and verified personnel, and ensuring that licensing
configurations are correctly applied and monitored. Organizations should audit
administrative roles and interface access policies, especially in deployments
where decrypted traffic visibility is operationally critical. Notably, Prisma
Access and Cloud NGFW are not impacted due to architectural differences and
restricted feature availability, reducing the scope of concern for cloud-based
deployments. Based on available technical documentation and vendor disclosures,
confidence in the vulnerability’s characterization and mitigation guidance is
high, though ongoing monitoring for exploit attempts and configuration drift
remains prudent.