CVE-2025-0107 describes a critical OS command injection flaw in Palo Alto
Networks’ Expedition platform, which affects a broad range of associated
products including PAN-OS, Panorama, Prisma Access, Cloud NGFW, and all versions
of Expedition itself. The vulnerability stems from improper sanitization of
user-supplied input within Expedition’s web interface, allowing malicious actors
to inject arbitrary operating system commands that execute with the privileges
of the www-data user. This flaw is reachable via standard input channels exposed
by the application, requiring no specialized access conditions or physical
proximity, and can be triggered without user interaction once the vulnerable
endpoint is accessible. While some deployments may place the affected
functionality behind authentication, the attack can proceed with minimal
privileges if the interface is exposed, making exploitation relatively
straightforward. Successful exploitation enables attackers to extract sensitive
configuration data, including usernames, plaintext credentials, firewall API
keys, and device settings, potentially compromising the confidentiality of
entire network environments. Although the scope of impact is initially confined
to the Expedition component, the leakage of credentials and configuration
artifacts can cascade into broader compromise across PAN-OS-managed
infrastructure. Integrity risks are present if the attacker leverages command
execution to alter system states or stored data, while repeated exploitation
could degrade service performance or exhaust system resources, affecting
availability. Real-world attack scenarios include adversaries scanning for
exposed Expedition instances and leveraging automated payloads to harvest
credentials for lateral movement into firewall management systems or cloud-based
NGFW deployments. To mitigate this risk, Palo Alto Networks advises immediate
upgrades to patched versions of Expedition and recommends restricting access to
the affected interface through network segmentation and strong authentication
controls. Organizations should also rotate any credentials or API keys
potentially exposed and monitor for anomalous activity across PAN-OS devices.
Given the direct path to exploitation, the breadth of affected products, and the
sensitivity of the data at risk, this vulnerability represents a significant
threat with high confidence in its exploitability and impact, warranting urgent
remediation efforts across all affected environments.