CVE-2025-0103 describes a critical SQL injection flaw in Palo Alto Networks’
Expedition platform that affects multiple products including Cloud NGFW,
Panorama, PAN-OS, and Prisma Access, with all versions of Expedition 1 being
vulnerable. The issue stems from improper sanitization of user-supplied input
within Expedition’s database query logic, allowing authenticated users with
standard access privileges to inject malicious SQL statements into backend
operations. This vulnerability enables attackers to extract sensitive database
contents such as password hashes, usernames, device configurations, and API
keys, and further permits unauthorized creation and reading of arbitrary files
on the host system. The attack surface is exposed through Expedition’s normal
input channels, requiring no physical access or specialized conditions beyond a
valid login, and can be executed without additional user interaction once
authenticated. The exploitation process is straightforward, relying on
conventional data manipulation techniques that exploit predictable query parsing
behavior, making it accessible to threat actors with moderate technical skill.
While the impact is initially confined to the Expedition component, the ability
to access device configurations and API credentials could facilitate lateral
movement or unauthorized control over broader network infrastructure, especially
in environments where Expedition interfaces with other Palo Alto products.
Real-world attack scenarios include an insider or compromised user account
leveraging the flaw to exfiltrate credentials for further compromise, or a
threat actor using stolen login details to pivot into sensitive network zones.
The risk profile is elevated due to the potential for confidentiality breaches,
unauthorized data manipulation, and system-level disruption if file operations
are abused to degrade performance or introduce malicious payloads. Mitigation
requires immediate patching of Expedition to a secure version once available,
alongside hardening authentication mechanisms, restricting access to trusted
users, and monitoring for anomalous database queries or file system activity.
Organizations should also consider implementing web application firewalls and
input validation controls to reduce exposure to injection-based threats. Based
on the clarity of the vulnerability’s behavior, the consistency of its impact
across affected products, and the feasibility of exploitation under typical
deployment conditions, confidence in this assessment is high.