CVE-2025-0050 describes a memory handling flaw in multiple versions of Arm Ltd’s
GPU userspace drivers—specifically affecting the Bifrost, Valhall, and Arm 5th
Gen GPU architectures—where improper enforcement of buffer boundaries allows a
non-privileged user process to access memory regions slightly beyond the
intended allocation during otherwise legitimate GPU operations. This
vulnerability stems from insufficient bounds checking within the driver’s
handling of GPU commands issued via standard interfaces such as WebGL and
WebGPU, which are widely accessible from user-space applications including web
browsers. Because the flaw can be triggered without elevated privileges and does
not require any user interaction, it presents a broad attack surface and can be
exploited remotely through crafted shader code or GPU command sequences embedded
in malicious web content or applications. The exploitation process is relatively
straightforward, relying on the attacker’s ability to manipulate GPU workloads
to induce out-of-bounds memory access, a technique well understood in graphics
programming and shader development. While the memory exposure is described as
limited, the implications are significant: unauthorized reads may leak sensitive
data such as cryptographic keys or internal driver states, while potential
writes could corrupt application memory or destabilize the GPU driver, leading
to crashes or degraded system performance. The vulnerability resides within the
user-space driver context, but the possibility of accessing shared or sensitive
memory regions raises concerns about cross-process impact and system integrity.
Real-world exploitation could involve drive-by attacks through compromised
websites or malicious applications that silently execute GPU operations to probe
memory boundaries, making this a viable threat in environments where GPU
acceleration is enabled by default. To mitigate risk, Arm Ltd recommends
updating to patched driver versions beyond r51p0 for Bifrost, r53p0 for Valhall,
and r53p0 for the 5th Gen architecture, which incorporate stricter bounds
enforcement. Organizations should prioritize these updates on systems where GPU
workloads are exposed to untrusted input, especially in browser contexts or
virtualized environments. Given the clarity of the technical root cause, the
accessibility of the attack vector, and the realistic exploitation pathways, we
assess with high confidence that this vulnerability poses a meaningful risk to
confidentiality, integrity, and availability in affected deployments.