CVE-2025-2011 identifies a critical SQL injection vulnerability in the Slider &
Popup Builder by Depicter plugin for WordPress, affecting all versions up to and
including 3.6.1. The flaw stems from improper handling of user-supplied input in
the ‘s’ parameter, which is passed directly into SQL queries without adequate
sanitization or query preparation. This oversight allows remote attackers to
manipulate database queries by injecting arbitrary SQL commands, enabling
unauthorized access to sensitive data such as user credentials, email addresses,
and other confidential records stored within the WordPress database. The
vulnerable endpoint, accessible via admin-ajax.php, does not enforce
authentication, making it reachable by any external actor over standard HTTP
requests without requiring login credentials or user interaction. The
exploitation process is straightforward and does not depend on environmental
conditions or timing constraints; attackers can leverage automated tools or
simple scripts to execute the exploit reliably. Given the plugin’s widespread
use on public-facing websites, the exposure surface is substantial, and the lack
of access control significantly amplifies the risk. While the impact remains
confined to the plugin’s operational scope and does not alter broader system
boundaries or escalate privileges across components, the ability to extract
private data poses a serious threat to site integrity and user privacy.
Real-world attack scenarios could include mass data harvesting campaigns
targeting vulnerable WordPress sites, where threat actors automate requests to
enumerate and exfiltrate database contents silently. Mitigation requires
immediate upgrading to a patched version that properly escapes user input and
employs prepared statements to prevent injection. Administrators should also
consider implementing web application firewalls and monitoring for anomalous
traffic patterns to detect exploitation attempts. Based on the clarity of the
vulnerability’s mechanics, the availability of public exploit paths, and the
absence of mitigating factors such as authentication or user interaction,
confidence in the assessment is high.