CVE-2025-0511 identifies a stored cross-site scripting flaw in the Welcart
e-Commerce plugin for WordPress, affecting all versions up to and including
2.11.9. The vulnerability stems from inadequate input validation and output
encoding on the ‘name’ parameter, allowing malicious scripts to be persistently
injected into site content. These scripts are subsequently executed in the
browser of any user who accesses the compromised page, enabling attackers to
hijack sessions, steal sensitive data, or perform unauthorized actions on behalf
of the victim. The flaw is reachable via standard web interfaces and does not
require any form of authentication, making it exploitable by remote actors
without privileged access. The attack vector is broad, as payloads can be
delivered over the internet through routine HTTP requests, and the exploitation
process is straightforward, requiring no specialized conditions or advanced
techniques. The attacker simply submits crafted input to the vulnerable
endpoint, and the script is stored until triggered by a user’s visit. This
reliance on user interaction—such as viewing a product page or navigating to a
checkout screen—makes social engineering tactics particularly effective in
real-world scenarios. Once executed, the script operates within the context of
the user’s session, potentially accessing cookies, manipulating DOM elements, or
initiating unauthorized transactions. While the vulnerability does not directly
compromise the WordPress core or server infrastructure, its ability to affect
user behavior and session integrity poses a significant risk to confidentiality
and trust. Mitigation requires immediate patching to version 2.12.0 or later,
where proper sanitization and escaping routines have been implemented. Site
administrators should also audit existing content for signs of injection,
enforce content security policies to limit script execution, and consider
deploying web application firewalls to detect and block suspicious input
patterns. Given the simplicity of the exploit, the lack of access barriers, and
the potential for widespread impact across user sessions, this vulnerability
represents a serious threat to e-commerce sites relying on Welcart. Confidence
in this assessment is high, based on direct analysis of the plugin’s codebase,
corroborated threat intelligence from multiple sources, and the predictable
nature of the exploitation path.