CVE-2025-0573 describes a critical vulnerability in Sante PACS Server version
4.0.9, where improper handling of DCM file paths allows unauthenticated remote
actors to write arbitrary files to the host system. The flaw stems from
insufficient validation of user-supplied input during DICOM file parsing,
specifically failing to constrain path traversal sequences that manipulate file
system locations. This oversight enables attackers to craft malicious DCM files
containing directory traversal payloads that, when processed by the server,
result in unauthorized file creation within the execution context of the
service. The vulnerability is exposed through standard network interfaces and
does not require physical access or elevated privileges, making it accessible to
remote threat actors operating over the internet or internal networks.
Exploitation is straightforward, relying solely on the delivery of crafted input
without the need for complex timing or environmental conditions, and does not
depend on user interaction beyond the initial file submission. While the impact
is confined to the PACS Server process itself, the ability to write arbitrary
files introduces significant risk to system integrity, potentially allowing
attackers to implant backdoors, manipulate diagnostic data, or stage further
intrusions. Confidentiality may also be compromised if the attacker leverages
file placement to access sensitive information or redirect system behavior.
Availability degradation is plausible if repeated exploitation leads to resource
exhaustion or service instability. Real-world attack scenarios include
adversaries embedding malicious DCM files into routine imaging workflows,
exploiting automated ingestion pipelines in healthcare environments, or
targeting exposed PACS endpoints in poorly segmented networks. To mitigate this
risk, organizations should apply vendor-issued patches or updates that enforce
strict path sanitization and input validation during file parsing operations. In
the absence of a fix, administrators are advised to implement network-level
controls to restrict access to the PACS interface, monitor for anomalous file
activity, and validate incoming DCM files using external sanitization tools.
Based on the clarity of the technical flaw, the simplicity of the attack vector,
and the potential for meaningful impact across confidentiality, integrity, and
availability domains, this assessment is made with high confidence.