CVE-2025-0177 identifies a critical privilege escalation flaw in the Javo Core
plugin for WordPress, affecting all versions up to and including 3.0.0.080. The
vulnerability stems from improper privilege management during the user
registration process, where the plugin fails to enforce role restrictions,
allowing unauthenticated users to assign themselves elevated roles such as
administrator. This logic flaw is rooted in the absence of server-side
validation for role assignment parameters submitted via the registration
endpoint, which is typically exposed to the public internet on most WordPress
installations. Exploitation requires no prior access, credentials, or
interaction with legitimate users, and can be executed remotely using a standard
browser or automated HTTP requests. The attack is highly feasible due to its
simplicityâ€”an adversary merely needs to craft a registration request that
includes a manipulated role value, with no need to bypass security controls,
solve CAPTCHAs, or exploit timing conditions. Once successful, the attacker
gains full administrative control over the WordPress site, enabling access to
sensitive data such as user information, unpublished content, and potentially
configuration files or embedded credentials. The integrity of the site is also
compromised, as the attacker can alter content, install or remove plugins,
modify user roles, and inject malicious code, thereby undermining the
reliability and trustworthiness of the platform. The scope of impact extends
beyond the initial compromise, affecting the entire security posture of the site
by breaching its access control boundaries and enabling persistent control over
critical components. Real-world exploitation scenarios include attackers
establishing backdoors, exfiltrating user data, defacing content, or using the
compromised site to distribute malware. To mitigate this issue, site
administrators should immediately update to a patched version of the Javo Core
plugin once available, or disable public registration if feasible. In the
interim, implementing server-side validation for role assignments and
restricting registration endpoints through access controls or web application
firewalls can reduce exposure. Given the straightforward nature of the exploit,
the lack of prerequisites, and the severity of post-exploitation capabilities,
this vulnerability poses a substantial risk to affected WordPress environments.
Confidence in this assessment is high, based on consistent behavior across
multiple sources and the inherent simplicity of the attack path.