CVE-2025-0126 describes a session fixation flaw in Palo Alto Networks’
GlobalProtect login mechanism when configured with SAML authentication,
affecting specific PAN-OS versions including 10.1.0 through 11.2.0, as well as
certain Prisma Access instances prior to proactive patching; notably, Cloud NGFW
and the PAN-OS management interface remain unaffected. The vulnerability stems
from improper handling of session identifiers during the SAML login flow,
allowing an attacker to predefine a session and subsequently hijack it once the
legitimate user authenticates. Exploitation requires the attacker to deliver a
crafted link—typically via email, messaging apps, or web content—and persuade
the target to engage with it, introducing a social engineering dependency but no
technical barriers beyond user interaction. The attacker operates without prior
access or credentials, leveraging the login process itself to gain full control
over the victim’s authenticated session. Once compromised, the attacker inherits
the user’s privileges, enabling access to sensitive data and the ability to
perform authorized actions, though the scope of impact is confined to the
GlobalProtect session and does not extend to broader system components. While
confidentiality and integrity are significantly undermined—especially for users
with elevated access—availability remains largely unaffected, as the exploit
does not disrupt services or infrastructure. Realistic attack scenarios include
phishing campaigns targeting enterprise users, where a single click could grant
adversaries access to internal resources, potentially facilitating lateral
movement or data exfiltration. Mitigation involves applying vendor-issued
patches to affected PAN-OS and Prisma Access versions, disabling vulnerable SAML
configurations where feasible, and reinforcing user awareness around suspicious
links. Organizations should also consider implementing session management
controls that invalidate pre-authenticated sessions and monitor for anomalous
login behaviors. Based on the clarity of the technical root cause, the
straightforward exploitation path, and the vendor’s confirmation of affected and
unaffected products, confidence in the accuracy and scope of this assessment is
high.