CVE-2025-0065 identifies a privilege escalation vulnerability in TeamViewer’s
Windows-based Remote Full Client and Remote Host products, affecting versions
from 11.0.0 through 15.0.0, where the TeamViewer_service.exe component fails to
properly sanitize command-line argument delimiters. This flaw stems from
inadequate neutralization of special characters used in command parsing,
enabling an attacker with local, non-administrative access to inject crafted
arguments into service execution flows. The underlying issue is rooted in
CWE-88, where the service’s command-handling logic does not sufficiently isolate
or validate input parameters, allowing malicious inputs to be interpreted as
executable instructions. Exploitation does not require physical access or
elevated privileges beyond a standard user account, and can be initiated through
routine interaction with the affected binary, making the attack vector
relatively accessible. The complexity of exploitation is low, as it relies on
predictable parsing behavior without the need for timing manipulation or
environmental preconditions. Once triggered, the vulnerability allows the
attacker to execute arbitrary commands with elevated privileges, potentially
compromising system integrity, accessing sensitive data, or disrupting service
availability. While the scope of impact is generally confined to the TeamViewer
component itself, successful exploitation could pivot into broader system
compromise if chained with other weaknesses. Realistic attack scenarios include
a threat actor deploying a malicious script or binary on a shared workstation or
terminal server, where TeamViewer is installed, to silently escalate privileges
and establish persistence. In enterprise environments, this could facilitate
lateral movement or unauthorized access to remote sessions. Mitigation requires
upgrading to TeamViewer version 15.62 or later, which includes revised input
validation and hardened command parsing routines. Organizations should also
audit local user activity for anomalous invocations of TeamViewer_service.exe
and consider implementing endpoint detection rules to flag suspicious argument
patterns. Given the clarity of the vulnerability’s mechanics, the
straightforward path to exploitation, and the availability of vendor guidance,
confidence in the assessment is high.