CVE-2025-0114 concerns a vulnerability described in available metadata as: A
Denial of Service (DoS) vulnerability in the GlobalProtect feature of Palo Alto
Networks PAN-OS software enables an unauthenticated attacker to render the
service unavailable by sending a large number of specially crafted packets over
a period of time. This issue affects both the GlobalProtect portal and the
GlobalProtect gateway. This issue does not apply to Cloud NGFWs or Prisma Access
software.. Regarding attack vector, analysis indicates that The vulnerability is
exploitable remotely by sending specially crafted packets to the GlobalProtect
portal or gateway. Since the attacker does not need access or proximity to the
device, and the attack can be conducted over the internet, the exposure is
broad. The fact that the service is -facing and accessible to unauthenticated
users further supports the conclusion that the attack vector is remote and does
not requ Regarding attack complexity, analysis indicates that The attack
requires sending a large number of specially crafted packets over time, which
implies that the attacker must understand the protocol and craft packets in a
specific way to trigger the denial of service. This suggests that the attack is
not trivial and may require knowledge of the PAN-OS GlobalProtect
implementation. Additionally, the need to sustain the attack over a period of
time introduces timing and re Regarding privileges required, analysis indicates
that The attacker does not need to authenticate or possess any credentials to
exploit the vulnerability. The description explicitly states that the attack is
performed by an unauthenticated actor, meaning no prior access or elevated
privileges are necessary. This allows any external party with access to the
affected service to attempt exploitation, making the attack feasible without any
form of authorization or insider ac Regarding user interaction, analysis
indicates that There is no indication that the attack requires any action from a
legitimate user of the system. The denial of service is triggered solely by the
attacker sending crafted packets, and users are not involved in initiating or
facilitating the exploit. This means the vulnerability can be exploited without
tricking or engaging any user, which simplifies the attack path and removes
social engineering or phishing from the Regarding scope, analysis indicates that
The vulnerability affects the availability of the GlobalProtect portal and
gateway, which are components of the PAN-OS system. There is no evidence that
exploitation causes impact beyond the affected service, such as compromising
other systems or altering security boundaries. The impact remains confined to
the targeted service, and there is no indication that the attack changes the
trust boundaries or affects other c Regarding confidentiality impact, analysis
indicates that The vulnerability is a denial of service issue and does not
involve unauthorized access to data. There is no indication that sensitive
information is exposed, intercepted, or modified during exploitation. The attack
focuses solely on rendering the service unavailable, and the description
confirms that confidentiality remains unaffected. Therefore, there is no
compromise of data privacy or leakage resulting from this Regarding integrity
impact, analysis indicates that There is no evidence that the vulnerability
allows an attacker to alter data, configurations, or system behavior in a way
that compromises integrity. The exploit does not involve tampering with files,
injecting malicious content, or modifying system outputs. The sole effect is
service disruption, and the systemâ€™s data and operational correctness remain
intact. Thus, the integrity of the system is not impacted by this Regarding
availability impact, analysis indicates that The vulnerability directly targets
the availability of the GlobalProtect portal and gateway, rendering them
inaccessible through sustained packet flooding. This disrupts remote access
functionality, which can severely impact organizational operations that rely on
VPN connectivity. The service becomes unusable, and recovery may require manual
intervention or system reboot. The impact is significant because it prevents
From a risk perspective, the practical attack surface and operational
preconditions should be assessed within each deployment to gauge the
plausibility of abuse and potential business impact; operators should prioritize
vendor patches or configuration hardening that removes the vulnerable code path,
enforce least-privilege, tighten input handling, and increase monitoring around
suspicious access to sensitive resources. This fallback summary is derived from
structured notes and should be treated as provisional when compared with a full
narrative written by a large language model.