CVE-2025-0106 describes a vulnerability in Palo Alto Networks’ Expedition tool,
which improperly handles wildcard expansion, allowing unauthenticated remote
attackers to enumerate files on the host system. This flaw arises from
inadequate input sanitization related to matching symbols, enabling adversaries
to craft requests that bypass expected constraints and trigger unintended file
discovery operations. The issue affects multiple Palo Alto Networks products
including Expedition version 1, PAN-OS, Panorama, Prisma Access, and Cloud NGFW,
though the vulnerability is specifically rooted in Expedition’s web-accessible
interface. Because the exploit does not require authentication, user
interaction, or complex environmental conditions, it presents a broad attack
surface and can be executed remotely via standard HTTP requests or similar
service endpoints. The technical simplicity of the exploit—relying solely on
malformed input strings—means that attackers can initiate reconnaissance without
prior access or elevated privileges, making it attractive for opportunistic
scanning and targeted intrusion campaigns. While the vulnerability does not
allow modification or deletion of data, the ability to enumerate files poses a
serious confidentiality risk, especially given Expedition’s role in storing
sensitive artifacts such as firewall credentials, plaintext passwords, and
configuration files. Exposure of these assets could facilitate lateral movement,
credential harvesting, and compromise of other systems that rely on the
extracted data, even though the vulnerability itself does not directly alter or
disrupt those systems. In realistic scenarios, threat actors could leverage this
flaw to map internal file structures, identify valuable targets, and prepare for
follow-on attacks, particularly in environments where Expedition is deployed
with default configurations or exposed to the internet. Mitigation should
prioritize restricting external access to the Expedition interface, applying
updated input validation routines, and segmenting sensitive data storage to
limit collateral exposure. Palo Alto Networks has issued guidance and patches to
address the issue, and organizations are strongly advised to implement these
fixes promptly while reviewing access controls and audit logs for signs of
exploitation. Based on the clarity of the technical root cause, the
straightforward nature of the attack vector, and the potential for significant
data exposure, confidence in the assessment is high, and the vulnerability
warrants immediate attention from defenders operating affected platforms.