CVE-2025-0282 describes a critical stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability
affecting Ivanti Connect Secure versions prior to 22.7R2.5, Ivanti Policy Secure
before 22.7R1.2, and Ivanti Neurons for ZTA gateways prior to 22.7R2.3, all of
which are widely deployed as remote access and zero trust gateway solutions. The
flaw arises from improper bounds checking during the handling of network input,
allowing an attacker to overwrite memory on the stack and hijack control flow,
ultimately enabling arbitrary code execution. Because the vulnerable code is
reachable without authentication and resides in a service exposed to the
internet, attackers can exploit the issue remotely without needing credentials
or user interaction, significantly lowering the barrier to entry. Although
stack-based buffer overflows typically demand precise manipulation of memory
structures and may require bypassing runtime protections such as address space
layout randomization or stack canaries, the existence of reliable exploitation
methods in the wild suggests that adversaries have already weaponized this
vulnerability. Once compromised, the affected gateway devices—often positioned
at the perimeter of enterprise networks—can be leveraged to exfiltrate sensitive
data, including credentials and decrypted traffic, manipulate routing
configurations, inject persistent backdoors, or disrupt availability by crashing
services. The impact extends beyond the compromised appliance, as attackers may
gain a foothold for lateral movement or intercept internal communications.
Real-world scenarios include targeted exploitation of exposed VPN endpoints to
breach corporate environments, with attackers deploying malware or establishing
command-and-control channels through the compromised device. To mitigate risk,
organizations should immediately upgrade to the patched versions specified by
Ivanti, ensure that perimeter devices are monitored for anomalous behavior, and
consider implementing network segmentation to limit blast radius. Given the
nature of the vulnerability, its exposure to the public internet, and the
absence of any mitigating user or privilege requirements, we assess with high
confidence that this flaw poses a severe threat to enterprise environments and
warrants urgent remediation.