CVE-2025-2094 identifies a critical vulnerability in TOTOLINK EX1800T wireless
routers running firmware version 9.1.0cu.2112_B20220316, specifically within the
setWiFiExtenderConfig function exposed via the /cgi-bin/cstecgi.cgi endpoint.
The flaw arises from improper handling of user-supplied input to the apcliKey
parameter, which is directly passed to the underlying operating system without
adequate sanitization, enabling remote attackers to inject arbitrary shell
commands. Because the vulnerable CGI script is accessible over the web
interface, exploitation can be initiated remotely via crafted HTTP requests,
without requiring physical access or prior authentication. The attack surface is
broad, as the endpoint is exposed to external traffic and reachable through
standard input paths, making it susceptible to automated exploitation at scale.
The exploit has already been publicly disclosed, and its simplicity—requiring no
special conditions or user interaction—lowers the barrier for adversaries to
weaponize it. Once exploited, attackers can execute commands with the privileges
of the web server process, potentially accessing sensitive configuration files,
extracting stored credentials, modifying system settings, or installing
persistent malware. This not only jeopardizes the confidentiality and integrity
of the device but also threatens its availability, as malicious commands could
disable services, corrupt firmware, or initiate denial-of-service conditions.
Real-world scenarios include mass exploitation of exposed devices in residential
or small office environments, where compromised routers could be repurposed for
botnet activity, traffic interception, or lateral movement within local
networks. To mitigate the risk, users should immediately apply firmware updates
if available, or disable remote management features to reduce exposure. Network
administrators are advised to monitor for anomalous outbound traffic and
implement strict firewall rules to block unsolicited access to the device’s web
interface. Given the public availability of exploit code and the lack of
required privileges or user interaction, the threat posed by this vulnerability
is substantial and warrants urgent remediation. Confidence in this assessment is
high, based on corroborated technical analysis and consistent indicators across
multiple sources.