The WP-Recall plugin for WordPress, encompassing all versions up to and
including 16.26.10, is susceptible to SQL Injection due to inadequate input
sanitization on the 'databeat' parameter, which allows unauthenticated attackers
to manipulate SQL queries and extract sensitive data from the database. This
vulnerability arises from a fundamental oversight in the way user-supplied input
is handled, specifically the failure to properly escape and prepare SQL queries,
enabling attackers to append arbitrary SQL commands. The exploitation can be
executed remotely through a web interface, requiring no special conditions or
elevated privileges, as any user with internet access can send crafted requests
to the vulnerable endpoint without needing to authenticate. This significantly
lowers the barrier for potential attackers, as they can initiate the exploit
independently, without any user interaction or social engineering tactics. In
practical scenarios, an attacker could leverage this vulnerability to retrieve
confidential information, such as user credentials or personal data, directly
from the database, posing a serious risk to the confidentiality of the data
stored by the plugin and potentially impacting other components reliant on that
data. While the primary concern revolves around data extraction, the nature of
SQL injection vulnerabilities also raises the possibility of altering or
deleting database records, thereby threatening the integrity of the system. To
mitigate this risk, it is imperative for users of the affected plugin to update
to the latest version where this vulnerability has been addressed, implement
robust input validation and sanitization practices, and regularly audit their
web applications for similar security flaws. Given the straightforward nature of
the exploit and the widespread use of the plugin, the confidence in the
existence and potential impact of this vulnerability is high, necessitating
immediate attention from system administrators and security teams to protect
sensitive information from unauthorized access.