CVE-2025-4664 describes a security flaw in Google Chrome versions prior to
136.0.7103.113, specifically within the Loader component, where inadequate
enforcement of cross-origin policies permits remote attackers to extract
sensitive data across domain boundaries. The root cause lies in the browser’s
failure to properly isolate content from different origins during the loading
process, allowing crafted HTML pages to bypass the same-origin policy and access
restricted information. This vulnerability can be exploited remotely by hosting
malicious content on a website and enticing users to visit it, requiring only
that the victim load the page—no elevated privileges or complex environmental
conditions are necessary. The exploit path is straightforward, leveraging
standard browser behavior without needing to circumvent advanced mitigations or
trigger race conditions. Once the malicious page is rendered, the attacker can
access confidential data such as session identifiers, authentication tokens, or
personal information from other domains, posing a significant threat to user
privacy and web application security. The impact is not confined to the Loader
itself but extends to the broader browser context, undermining trust boundaries
that web developers rely on to protect user data. While the attacker cannot
alter or corrupt data, the unauthorized disclosure alone is sufficient to
compromise confidentiality. System availability remains unaffected, as the
exploit does not induce crashes or resource exhaustion. Real-world scenarios
include phishing campaigns or drive-by compromise, where users are lured to
malicious sites through links in emails, social media, or compromised legitimate
domains. To mitigate this issue, users should upgrade to Chrome version
136.0.7103.113 or later, which includes patches that reinforce origin isolation
and correct the flawed enforcement logic. Organizations should also consider
deploying browser hardening policies and monitoring for anomalous cross-origin
requests. Based on the clarity of the exploit path, the absence of privilege
requirements, and the direct compromise of sensitive data, this vulnerability
warrants serious attention. Confidence in this assessment is high, supported by
consistent indicators across multiple sources and the nature of the affected
component’s exposure.