CVE-2025-0994 identifies a critical deserialization flaw affecting Trimble
Cityworks versions prior to 15.8.9 and Cityworks with office companion versions
earlier than 23.10, where improper handling of serialized input allows
authenticated users to execute arbitrary code remotely on Microsoft IIS servers
hosting the application. The vulnerability stems from insecure object
deserialization, where the application fails to adequately validate or sanitize
serialized data received through its web interface, enabling attackers to craft
malicious payloads that are interpreted as executable logic. Exploitation
requires valid user credentials but does not demand elevated privileges, making
it accessible to any authenticated user with basic access. The attack can be
launched remotely via standard web protocols without requiring physical
proximity or user interaction, and the exploit is fully under the attackerâ€™s
control once access is obtained. While crafting the payload may require some
understanding of the application's internal object structure, the availability
of tooling and precedent in similar deserialization vulnerabilities
significantly lowers the complexity barrier. Upon successful exploitation, the
attacker gains the ability to execute arbitrary commands on the server,
potentially accessing sensitive configuration files, user data, and operational
records, thereby compromising confidentiality. Integrity is also at risk, as the
attacker could alter application logic, manipulate asset data, or install
persistent backdoors. Furthermore, availability may be degraded through
deliberate service disruption, such as file deletion, database corruption, or
resource exhaustion attacks, which could severely impact infrastructure
management operations dependent on Cityworks. The scope of impact appears
confined to the vulnerable server environment, with no evidence suggesting
cross-boundary effects into other systems. Realistic attack scenarios include
insider threats or credential theft leading to unauthorized access, followed by
payload delivery through the authenticated interface to achieve remote code
execution. To mitigate this risk, organizations should upgrade to Cityworks
version 15.8.9 or later and ensure office companion components are updated to at
least version 23.10. Additional safeguards include implementing strict input
validation, disabling unsafe deserialization routines, and monitoring for
anomalous activity on IIS servers. Given the nature of the vulnerability, the
remote execution capability, and the ease of access for authenticated users,
this issue represents a substantial security concern. Confidence in the
assessment is high, based on consistent indicators across multiple sources and
the well-understood mechanics of deserialization exploits in web applications.