IBM Aspera Shares versions 1.9.9 through 1.10.0 PL7 contain a vulnerability
stemming from improper handling of XML input, specifically due to the lack of
adequate restrictions on external entity references during XML parsing. This
flaw, rooted in the misimplementation of XML processing logic, permits an
authenticated remote attacker to inject maliciously crafted XML payloads that
reference external entities, potentially leading to unauthorized access to
sensitive internal files or triggering excessive memory consumption. The
vulnerable functionality is accessible through standard input channels exposed
by the application, and exploitation does not require physical access or
specialized environmental conditions—only the ability to submit XML content
through authenticated means. Attackers with basic user-level credentials can
leverage this flaw without needing elevated privileges, and no additional user
interaction is necessary once the interface is reachable. The impact is largely
confined to the application’s own execution context unless the XML parser
interacts with broader system components, in which case the scope of compromise
could extend beyond the immediate module. Realistic exploitation scenarios
include an attacker extracting configuration files, credentials, or other
sensitive artifacts stored on the host system, or repeatedly invoking the
vulnerable operation to exhaust system memory and degrade service availability.
While the potential for data manipulation exists, the primary risks center on
confidentiality breaches and resource exhaustion rather than integrity
compromise. To mitigate this issue, administrators should upgrade to a patched
release of Aspera Shares where XML parsing is hardened against external entity
resolution, and ensure that input validation mechanisms are in place to sanitize
user-supplied XML. Disabling external entity processing at the parser level and
applying least privilege principles to authenticated accounts can further reduce
exposure. Based on the available technical details and the nature of the
vulnerability, confidence in the assessment is high, with clear indicators of
exploitability and tangible impact under realistic conditions.