CVE-2025-0443 describes a vulnerability in Google Chrome’s Extensions subsystem
affecting versions prior to 132.0.6834.83, where insufficient validation of
input data allows remote attackers to escalate privileges through a crafted HTML
page, contingent on persuading the user to perform specific interface actions.
The flaw stems from inadequate sanitization of extension-related inputs,
enabling malicious content to traverse the browser’s internal logic and reach
sensitive execution paths. This lapse permits adversaries to manipulate
extension behavior in ways unintended by the original design, potentially
breaching privilege boundaries within the browser context. The attack surface is
exposed through standard browser input mechanisms, requiring no physical
proximity or specialized access, and the exploitation process involves
predictable data handling routines without reliance on timing or environmental
anomalies. While the attacker must convince a user to interact with a malicious
page, the required gestures are minimal and easily induced through social
engineering, making the threat plausible in real-world phishing or drive-by
scenarios. Once triggered, the exploit may allow unauthorized access to
extension APIs or elevate privileges within the browser, with potential
implications for data confidentiality if sensitive information is exposed, and
for integrity if stored extension states or user preferences are altered.
Availability could also be impacted if repeated exploitation leads to resource
exhaustion or degraded performance. The scope of impact appears confined to the
browser environment unless the extension interfaces with external services or
privileged components, in which case broader compromise is conceivable.
Mitigation involves updating to Chrome version 132.0.6834.83 or later, which
includes revised input validation logic to prevent malformed data from reaching
critical execution paths. Administrators should also consider disabling or
restricting extension installation from untrusted sources and educating users on
the risks of interacting with suspicious web content. Based on the clarity of
the vulnerability’s mechanics, the straightforward nature of the attack vector,
and the availability of remediation guidance, confidence in the assessment is
high.