CVE-2025-0119 describes a critical command injection flaw in Palo Alto Networksâ€™
Cortex XDR Broker VM version 1.0.0, where improper sanitization of user-supplied
input allows authenticated users to execute arbitrary operating system commands
with root-level privileges on the underlying host. The vulnerability arises from
insufficient neutralization of special characters in command strings, enabling
attackers to bypass intended input constraints and directly invoke system-level
instructions. Exploitation requires access to the Broker VM interface, but no
elevated privileges beyond basic authentication, making the barrier to entry
relatively low for insiders or those with compromised credentials. Once
authenticated, the attacker can independently trigger the exploit without
relying on external user interaction or environmental conditions, indicating a
straightforward and repeatable attack path. The impact extends beyond the
application boundary, as successful exploitation compromises the host operating
system itself, resulting in a significant escalation of scope. This breach
enables full access to sensitive data, including configuration files and user
information, undermines system integrity through potential tampering with
binaries and logs, and threatens availability by allowing the attacker to
disable services or render the system inoperable. Real-world scenarios could
include a rogue employee leveraging legitimate access to pivot into broader
infrastructure compromise, or an adversary exploiting stolen credentials to
establish persistent control over the host. Given the severity of the privilege
escalation and the breadth of potential damage, organizations should prioritize
patching the affected version and implement strict access controls to limit
exposure. Additional hardening measures, such as input validation and command
execution restrictions, should be considered to reduce the risk of similar
injection vectors. Based on the clarity of the exploit mechanism, the absence of
mitigating environmental factors, and the direct path to root-level compromise,
confidence in the exploitability and impact assessment is high.