The vulnerability identified as CVE-2025-1661 affects all versions of the HUSKY
â€“ Products Filter Professional for WooCommerce plugin for WordPress, allowing
unauthenticated attackers to exploit a Local File Inclusion flaw via the
'template' parameter in the woof_text_search AJAX action. This vulnerability
arises from improper handling of file paths, enabling attackers to include and
execute arbitrary files on the server, thereby executing any PHP code contained
within those files. The exploitation process is relatively straightforward,
requiring only the crafting of a specific AJAX request without any need for
prior authentication or user interaction, which significantly lowers the
complexity of the attack and broadens its accessibility. Attackers can remotely
initiate this exploit from any location with internet access, making it feasible
for them to bypass access controls and potentially gain access to sensitive
data, including configuration files and user credentials, or even achieve full
server compromise by executing malicious code. Given that the attack does not
necessitate any user cooperation, it can be executed autonomously, allowing for
widespread exploitation across vulnerable sites. The implications of this
vulnerability are severe, as successful exploitation could lead to unauthorized
access to sensitive information and the ability to manipulate or damage the
WordPress environment, affecting not just the plugin but potentially other
components of the site as well. To mitigate this risk, it is essential for users
to update the plugin to the latest version, implement strict access controls,
and monitor server logs for any suspicious activity indicative of exploitation
attempts. Overall, the confidence in the existence and impact of this
vulnerability is high, given the clear exploitation vector and the potential for
significant damage to affected systems.