CVE-2025-1716 exposes a critical flaw in picklescan versions prior to 0.0.21, a
Python-based tool designed to validate serialized machine learning models, where
the utility fails to classify the 'pip' module as an unsafe global during
deserialization. This oversight stems from an incomplete blacklist
implementation, specifically the failure to restrict execution of pip.main(),
which allows an attacker to embed a call to install arbitrary packages from
external repositories such as PyPI or GitHub within a malicious Pickle payload.
When such a model is scanned using picklescan, the tool erroneously deems it
safe, enabling the embedded pip invocation to execute unchecked. The
vulnerability is remotely exploitable through standard input channels, such as
uploading or sharing a crafted Pickle file, without requiring physical access or
elevated privileges. The attack leverages Python’s native deserialization
mechanics, particularly the reduce method, to trigger package installation, and
does not depend on timing conditions or environmental anomalies, making it
straightforward to execute. A realistic exploitation scenario involves an
adversary distributing a compromised model through public platforms or
collaborative repositories, which is then scanned by a user or automated system
using picklescan, inadvertently triggering the installation of a malicious
package. This can lead to remote code execution, compromise of the host
environment, and potential propagation to other components, breaching the
intended security boundaries of the scanning tool. Once installed, the malicious
package may exfiltrate sensitive data, manipulate system configurations, or
introduce persistent backdoors, depending on the attacker’s objectives and the
privileges of the scanning context. Mitigation requires upgrading to picklescan
version 0.0.21 or later, which explicitly flags pip as a dangerous global and
blocks its invocation during model analysis. Additionally, organizations should
enforce strict sandboxing of deserialization workflows, monitor outbound package
installations, and validate the integrity of scanned models from untrusted
sources. Given the simplicity of the exploit, the broad exposure surface, and
the potential for systemic compromise, this vulnerability presents a significant
risk. Confidence in this assessment is high, based on consistent technical
indicators across multiple sources and the well-understood behavior of Python’s
serialization mechanisms.