CVE-2025-2264 describes a remotely exploitable path traversal flaw in
Santesoft’s Sante PACS Server versions 4.1.0 and 4.2.0, where insufficient
validation of user-supplied input allows unauthorized actors to retrieve
arbitrary files from the host system’s disk, specifically those residing on the
same drive as the application. The vulnerability stems from improper enforcement
of directory boundaries, enabling crafted requests to bypass intended access
controls and reach sensitive file paths outside the designated scope. The flaw
is exposed through the server’s standard input mechanisms, and exploitation does
not require physical access or specialized conditions—an attacker simply needs
to interact with the exposed interface, which may or may not require basic
authentication depending on deployment configuration. Once the vulnerable
endpoint is accessible, the attacker can initiate file retrieval operations
without needing further user involvement, making the attack straightforward and
repeatable. The primary impact is unauthorized disclosure of potentially
sensitive information, such as configuration files, credentials, or medical
imaging data, depending on the server’s file structure and access permissions.
While the vulnerability does not inherently allow modification of data, indirect
integrity risks may arise if disclosed files are used to inform subsequent
attacks. Additionally, repeated exploitation could degrade system performance or
exhaust resources, posing a risk to availability in high-throughput
environments. Realistic attack scenarios include external threat actors scanning
for exposed PACS servers and leveraging automated scripts to extract files of
interest, particularly in healthcare settings where such servers may contain
regulated patient data. Mitigation requires prompt deployment of vendor-issued
patches or configuration hardening to sanitize input paths and restrict access
to non-public directories. Administrators should also consider network
segmentation and access control policies to limit exposure of the vulnerable
interface. Given the clarity of the vulnerability’s behavior, the simplicity of
the attack vector, and the absence of mitigating environmental constraints,
confidence in the technical assessment and exploit feasibility is high.