CVE-2025-0111 describes a vulnerability in Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS software
versions 10.1.0 through 11.2.0, where an authenticated user with access to the
management web interface can exploit improper input validation to read arbitrary
files on the system that are accessible to the “nobody” user. This flaw stems
from insufficient control over file path inputs, allowing crafted requests to
traverse the filesystem and retrieve sensitive data, potentially exposing
configuration details, logs, or other operational artifacts not intended for
user access. The vulnerability is confined to PAN-OS and does not affect Cloud
NGFW or Prisma Access products. Exploitation requires valid credentials but no
elevated privileges, meaning any user with basic access to the management
interface could trigger the issue without needing to manipulate timing or
environmental conditions. The attack vector is remote and network-based,
leveraging standard interface functionality without requiring physical proximity
or social engineering. Once authenticated, the attacker can initiate the exploit
autonomously, without further user interaction, making the threat actor’s
control over execution relatively high. The impact is primarily on
confidentiality, as unauthorized file access may reveal internal system data,
though integrity and availability risks are minimal unless the attacker
repeatedly invokes the exploit to degrade performance or exhaust resources.
Real-world scenarios could include an insider threat or a compromised
low-privilege account used to harvest internal data for reconnaissance or
lateral movement. Mitigation should focus on restricting access to the
management interface using IP allowlisting and network segmentation, as well as
applying vendor-recommended deployment best practices to limit exposure.
Organizations are advised to monitor access logs for anomalous file read
operations and implement strict role-based access controls to reduce the attack
surface. While the vulnerability does not cross privilege boundaries or affect
external systems, its ease of exploitation and potential for data leakage
warrant prompt remediation. Based on available technical details and vendor
disclosures, confidence in the accuracy of this assessment is high.