CVE-2025-0116 describes a denial-of-service vulnerability affecting specific
versions of Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS, namely 10.1.0, 10.2.0, 11.1.0, and
11.2.0, while excluding Cloud NGFW and Prisma Access products. The flaw stems
from inadequate handling of exceptional conditions during the parsing of Link
Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) frames, where the firewall fails to properly
validate malformed input, leading to an unhandled exception that forces a system
reboot. An attacker situated on the same network segment—without needing
authentication—can exploit this weakness by transmitting specially crafted LLDP
packets to the firewall’s interface. The attack requires no elevated privileges
and can be executed without user involvement, relying solely on the standard
behavior of LLDP frame processing. Once triggered, the firewall enters a reboot
cycle, and repeated exploitation can push the device into maintenance mode,
effectively rendering it inoperable and disrupting network availability. The
impact is confined to the affected firewall instance, with no indication of
lateral movement or compromise of other systems. While the vulnerability does
not directly expose sensitive data or permit unauthorized changes to
configuration or state, the operational downtime it induces poses a significant
risk to service continuity, especially in environments where high availability
is critical. The attack surface is limited to adjacent network access, but the
simplicity of execution and lack of mitigating factors elevate the threat
potential. Real-world scenarios may include adversaries targeting enterprise
perimeter defenses to induce outages during peak operational windows or as part
of broader campaigns aimed at degrading infrastructure resilience. Organizations
relying on vulnerable PAN-OS versions should prioritize upgrading to patched
releases as advised by the vendor, and consider implementing LLDP filtering or
segmentation controls to reduce exposure. Given the clarity of the exploit path,
the reproducibility of the condition, and the vendor’s confirmation, confidence
in the technical assessment and exploit feasibility is high.