CVE-2025-0190 concerns a vulnerability described in available metadata as: In
version 3.25.0 of aimhubio/aim, a denial of service vulnerability exists. By
tracking a large number of objects and then querying them simultaneously through
the web API, the Aim web server becomes unresponsive to other requests for an
extended period while processing and returning these objects. This vulnerability
can be exploited repeatedly, leading to a complete denial of service.. Regarding
attack vector, analysis indicates that Based on the provided information only,
the vulnerable operation is reachable through the component’s normal input path.
An actor can attempt to supply crafted data that flows to the affected code path
without requiring special physical proximity. Regarding attack complexity,
analysis indicates that No unusual timing or environment constraints are implied
beyond providing inputs that reach the vulnerable code. Exploitation relies on
typical parsing and handling of supplied data. Regarding privileges required,
analysis indicates that Access requirements follow the interface exposure
described. If the operation sits behind authentication, an account with ordinary
permissions is needed to invoke the flow. Regarding user interaction, analysis
indicates that Triggering appears to be at the actor’s will once the interface
is reachable; no additional human interaction is implied unless a second party
must handle content. Regarding scope, analysis indicates that Effects remain
within the component’s authority unless the vulnerable action influences a
distinct backend or security boundary, which would extend impact beyond the
immediate module. Regarding confidentiality impact, analysis indicates that
Information disclosure is plausible if the operation reveals or returns data not
intended for the requester, depending on how the system handles and exposes
results. Regarding integrity impact, analysis indicates that Data tampering is
possible if the vulnerable behavior allows unintended modification of stored
content or state; otherwise integrity effects are not presumed. Regarding
availability impact, analysis indicates that Repeated triggering or expensive
code paths could degrade throughput or lead to service disruption through
resource exhaustion. From a risk perspective, the practical attack surface and
operational preconditions should be assessed within each deployment to gauge the
plausibility of abuse and potential business impact; operators should prioritize
vendor patches or configuration hardening that removes the vulnerable code path,
enforce least-privilege, tighten input handling, and increase monitoring around
suspicious access to sensitive resources. This fallback summary is derived from
structured notes and should be treated as provisional when compared with a full
narrative written by a large language model.