CVE-2025-0967 identifies a critical vulnerability in version 1.0 of the
code-projects Chat System, specifically within the /user/add_chatroom.php
endpoint, where improper handling of user-supplied parameters—namely and
—permits SQL injection. The flaw stems from insufficient input sanitization and
lack of parameterized queries, allowing adversaries to embed malicious SQL
statements that are executed directly by the backend database. This
vulnerability is remotely exploitable through standard web interface inputs,
requiring no specialized access or environmental conditions beyond the ability
to reach the affected endpoint. If the chatroom creation function is gated
behind authentication, exploitation may necessitate a basic user account, but no
elevated privileges are required. Once authenticated, an attacker can craft
payloads that manipulate the SQL logic, potentially exposing sensitive user
data, altering stored chatroom configurations, or corrupting application state.
The impact is confined to the application’s domain unless the database shares
resources or privileges with other systems, in which case the compromise could
extend beyond the chat module. The risk profile is elevated due to the ease of
exploitation, absence of user interaction requirements, and potential for
confidentiality breaches, data integrity violations, and service degradation
through repeated abuse. Real-world scenarios include attackers automating
requests to enumerate or exfiltrate user credentials, inject rogue chatrooms
with misleading metadata, or flood the system with malformed queries to exhaust
backend resources. Given that exploit details have been publicly disclosed,
threat actors with minimal technical skill could weaponize the vulnerability,
increasing the likelihood of opportunistic attacks. Mitigation should prioritize
immediate deployment of input validation routines and transition to prepared
statements to neutralize injection vectors. Administrators are advised to audit
all user input flows, restrict database permissions to the minimum necessary,
and monitor for anomalous query patterns indicative of exploitation attempts.
Applying web application firewalls with tailored rulesets may offer interim
protection, though patching the underlying code remains the definitive
remediation. Based on the available technical evidence and public exploit
availability, confidence in the severity and exploitability of this
vulnerability is high, warranting urgent attention from maintainers and users of
the affected software.