CVE-2025-1094 identifies a significant vulnerability within PostgreSQL,
specifically affecting versions prior to 17.3, 16.7, 15.11, 14.16, and 13.19,
due to improper handling of quoting syntax in the libpq functions
PQescapeLiteral(), PQescapeIdentifier(), PQescapeString(), and
PQescapeStringConn(). This flaw facilitates SQL injection attacks when the
output of these functions is improperly utilized to construct input for the
PostgreSQL interactive terminal, psql, particularly under specific encoding
conditions where client_encoding is set to BIG5 and server_encoding is either
EUC_TW or MULE_INTERNAL. The exploitation of this vulnerability can be executed
remotely, allowing attackers to inject malicious input into client-side
functions or command-line utilities without requiring authenticated access to
the PostgreSQL server. This characteristic significantly lowers the barrier to
exploitation, as even unauthenticated users can trigger the flaw if the
application inappropriately processes the vulnerable function outputs. The
complexity of successful exploitation hinges on the presence of specific usage
patterns and encoding mismatches, which may not be universally applicable, thus
requiring attackers to possess a nuanced understanding of the target system's
configuration. The potential consequences of a successful SQL injection attack
include unauthorized access to sensitive data, such as user credentials and
personal information, as well as the ability to modify or delete data, thereby
undermining the integrity of the database. Furthermore, attackers could execute
commands that disrupt service availability, such as locking tables or initiating
resource-intensive queries. To mitigate this vulnerability, it is imperative for
organizations to upgrade to the latest PostgreSQL versions that address this
flaw, implement stringent input validation mechanisms, and ensure that
applications do not directly utilize function outputs in constructing SQL
commands without proper sanitization. Given the nature of the vulnerability and
the potential for widespread exploitation, confidence in the assessment of this
threat is high, underscoring the urgency for immediate remediation efforts to
safeguard database integrity and confidentiality.