CVE-2025-0312 identifies a vulnerability in ollama/ollama versions up to and
including 0.3.14, where the server fails to properly validate GGUF model files
during upload and instantiation, resulting in a null pointer dereference that
can crash the service. This flaw stems from inadequate input sanitization and
insufficient defensive coding around memory references, particularly when
parsing user-supplied model data. The vulnerability is exposed through standard
network interfaces, allowing remote actors to deliver malicious payloads without
requiring physical access or specialized conditions. Exploitation is
straightforward, relying only on the ability to submit crafted files through the
expected input channels, and does not demand elevated privileges beyond those of
a typical authenticated user. Once the malicious model is processed, the server
encounters an unhandled null reference, leading to a crash that disrupts
availability. While the immediate impact is confined to the Ollama server
itself, repeated exploitation could exhaust system resources or cause cascading
failures in dependent services. Although the vulnerability does not inherently
expose sensitive data or permit unauthorized modifications, secondary effects
such as error leakage or interrupted workflows could indirectly affect
confidentiality or integrity depending on deployment context. Real-world attack
scenarios may include adversaries targeting public-facing Ollama instances to
induce denial-of-service conditions, either opportunistically or as part of
broader disruption campaigns. Mitigation requires upgrading to a patched version
that introduces robust null checks and input validation routines, ensuring
malformed model files are safely rejected. Administrators should also consider
implementing upload throttling, monitoring for anomalous model creation
patterns, and isolating model processing components to contain potential faults.
Given the clarity of the root cause, the reproducibility of the crash, and the
public availability of exploit details, confidence in the vulnerabilityâ€™s
validity and exploitability is high.