CVE-2025-0168 represents a critical security flaw in version 1.0 of the Job
Recruitment platform developed by code-projects, specifically within the
server-side PHP component located at /_parse/_feedback_system.php. The
vulnerability stems from improper handling of user-supplied input in the
'person' parameter, which is directly incorporated into backend SQL queries
without adequate sanitization or validation. This oversight enables remote
attackers to craft malicious HTTP requests containing specially formed input
that manipulates the SQL logic, thereby facilitating unauthorized access to the
underlying database. The exploit requires no authentication or elevated
privileges, and can be executed by any external actor with network access to the
application, making it highly accessible and trivial to perform. The attack does
not rely on timing constraints, environmental conditions, or user interaction,
further reducing complexity and increasing the likelihood of successful
exploitation. Once triggered, the vulnerability can expose sensitive data such
as user credentials, personal records, or internal system information, and may
also permit unauthorized modification or deletion of stored content depending on
database permissions. While the primary impact centers on confidentiality and
integrity, there is a plausible risk to availability if injected queries are
designed to exhaust resources or disrupt database operations. The scope of the
compromise remains confined to the affected application and does not appear to
extend across security boundaries or impact other systems. Given the public
disclosure of the exploit and its ease of use, realistic attack scenarios
include automated scanning and exploitation by opportunistic threat actors, data
harvesting campaigns targeting recruitment platforms, or more targeted
intrusions seeking to manipulate applicant records. To mitigate this risk,
administrators should immediately implement input validation and parameterized
queries to neutralize injection vectors, restrict database permissions to limit
potential damage, and consider deploying web application firewalls to detect and
block anomalous traffic. Updating to a patched version, if available, is
strongly advised. Based on the clarity of the technical details, the public
availability of the exploit, and the straightforward nature of the attack,
confidence in this assessment is high.