The vulnerability identified as CVE-2025-0429 affects the "AI Power: Complete AI
Pack" plugin for WordPress, specifically in versions up to and including 1.8.96,
where a PHP Object Injection flaw exists due to the deserialization of untrusted
data from the $form['post_content'] variable within the wpaicg_export_ai_forms()
function. This vulnerability allows authenticated attackers with administrative
privileges to inject malicious PHP objects, potentially leading to severe
consequences, particularly if a vulnerable object property (POP) chain is
established through other plugins or themes on the same system. The exploitation
mechanism is straightforward, as the attack can be executed through the normal
input path of the plugin, requiring only that the attacker provide crafted input
without any special access or environmental conditions. Once the interface is
accessible, the attacker can trigger the vulnerability at will, making the
exploitation process relatively uncomplicated. The implications of this
vulnerability are significant; attackers could manipulate data, delete files, or
execute arbitrary code, especially if they can leverage the presence of
additional vulnerable components within the WordPress environment. Furthermore,
there is a risk of information disclosure if sensitive data is inadvertently
exposed through the plugin's operations. To mitigate this risk, it is crucial
for users to immediately update the plugin to the latest version, which
addresses this vulnerability, and to review their WordPress installations for
any additional plugins or themes that may introduce further risks. The
confidence in the assessment of this vulnerability is high, given the clear
technical details provided and the potential for exploitation in real-world
scenarios, emphasizing the need for prompt action to secure affected systems.