CVE-2025-0058 affects multiple versions of SAP Business Workflow and SAP
Flexible Workflow, specifically within the SAP_BASIS component ranging from
versions 753 through 758 and 912 through 914, where an authenticated user can
exploit a flaw in access control enforcement to view sensitive data that should
remain restricted. The vulnerability stems from improper validation of
user-controlled parameters in legitimate resource requests, allowing an attacker
to bypass authorization checks by manipulating identifiers or keys embedded in
the request structure. This flaw does not permit data modification or deletion,
but it does expose confidential information, potentially including
business-critical records or personal data, thereby undermining the
confidentiality guarantees of the system. Exploitation is feasible remotely via
standard interfaces such as web applications or APIs, assuming the attacker has
valid credentials but not elevated privileges. The attack does not require any
interaction from other users and can be executed independently, making it
predictable and repeatable. While the attacker must understand the structure of
legitimate requests and identify which parameters to manipulate, the absence of
environmental dependencies or timing constraints keeps the complexity relatively
low. Realistic scenarios include internal users with limited access rights or
external actors leveraging compromised accounts to extract unauthorized
information from workflow modules. The scope of impact remains confined to the
application context, with no indication of privilege escalation or cross-system
compromise. To mitigate the risk, SAP has issued security patches that enforce
stricter validation of request parameters and improve access control logic;
organizations should apply these updates promptly and audit existing workflows
for potential exposure. Additionally, monitoring authenticated user activity and
implementing anomaly detection mechanisms can help identify suspicious access
patterns. Based on the available technical details and the nature of the
exploit, confidence in the assessment is high, and the vulnerability poses a
meaningful threat to data confidentiality within affected SAP environments.