CVE-2025-0104 describes a reflected cross-site scripting flaw in Palo Alto
Networks’ Expedition platform, which also implicates related products including
Cloud NGFW, Panorama, PAN-OS, and Prisma Access due to shared components or
deployment contexts. The vulnerability stems from improper sanitization of
user-supplied input during dynamic web page rendering, allowing adversaries to
embed malicious JavaScript payloads into crafted URLs. When an authenticated
Expedition user is lured into clicking such a link—typically via phishing or
social engineering—the script executes within their browser session, potentially
exposing sensitive data, hijacking session tokens, or enabling unauthorized
actions under the user’s identity. The exploit path is accessible through
standard web interfaces without requiring physical access or elevated
privileges, though the attacker must rely on the victim’s interaction to trigger
the payload. The technical complexity is minimal, as the flaw resides in routine
input handling and does not demand intricate timing or environmental
manipulation. While the scope of impact is generally confined to the Expedition
interface, successful exploitation may compromise confidentiality by leaking
session data, and in certain configurations, could affect integrity if the
attacker leverages stolen credentials to alter configurations or policy states.
Availability risks are less pronounced but conceivable if the attack is
automated at scale, leading to resource strain. Real-world scenarios include
targeted phishing campaigns against network administrators, where a single click
could grant adversaries visibility into firewall migration workflows or policy
structures. To mitigate this risk, Palo Alto Networks advises upgrading to
patched versions where input validation routines have been hardened; in the
interim, organizations should enforce strict URL filtering, deploy browser-based
XSS protections, and educate users on link hygiene. Given the straightforward
nature of the exploit and the reliance on user interaction, our assessment
places high confidence in the vulnerability’s exploitability under realistic
conditions, particularly in environments where Expedition is actively used for
firewall rule conversion and policy management.