A critical vulnerability identified as CVE-2025-3249 affects the TOTOLINK A6000R
router, specifically in version 1.0.1-B20201211.2000, where the function
apcli_cancel_wps within the Lua script located at
/usr/lib/lua/luci/controller/mtkwifi.lua is susceptible to command injection.
This flaw allows remote attackers to exploit the vulnerability without requiring
physical access or authentication, as the affected function can be triggered
through crafted HTTP requests directed at the router's web interface. The
exploitation mechanism is straightforward, relying on standard data parsing and
handling, which means that an attacker can execute arbitrary commands on the
device by simply sending malicious input. This significantly lowers the barrier
for exploitation, as any unauthenticated user can potentially gain control over
the router, leading to severe implications for confidentiality, integrity, and
availability. Attackers could leverage this vulnerability to access sensitive
information, modify configurations, or disrupt the router's functionality,
potentially resulting in a denial-of-service condition for all connected
devices. Given that the exploit has been publicly disclosed, the risk of
widespread attacks is heightened, and organizations should prioritize immediate
mitigation strategies. Recommended remediation includes updating the router
firmware to a patched version, implementing network segmentation to limit
exposure, and employing intrusion detection systems to monitor for suspicious
activity. The confidence in the assessment of this vulnerability's impact and
exploitability is high, as it is based on verifiable technical details and the
nature of command injection vulnerabilities, which are well understood in the
cybersecurity community.