CVE-2025-0798 identifies a critical vulnerability in MicroWorld’s eScan
Antivirus version 7.0.32 for Linux, specifically within the quarantine handler’s
processing of the “rtscanner” file, where improper input handling enables
operating system command injection. The flaw stems from insufficient
sanitization of externally supplied data that is passed to system-level
execution functions, allowing malicious input to be interpreted as executable
commands. This vulnerability is exposed through standard input channels and can
be triggered remotely without requiring prior authentication or user
interaction, making it accessible to threat actors who can craft and deliver
malicious payloads via file delivery mechanisms such as email attachments or
network shares. Although the attack does not require elevated privileges,
successful exploitation is non-trivial and demands a deep understanding of the
internal logic of the quarantine handler, as well as precise control over input
formatting and timing to bypass internal safeguards. The impact of exploitation
is severe, with potential for unauthorized access to sensitive system data,
manipulation of antivirus configurations, and disruption of core scanning
operations. Attackers could leverage this flaw to exfiltrate confidential files,
disable protective features, or execute destructive commands that compromise
system integrity and availability. Real-world scenarios might include targeted
delivery of crafted malware samples that, once quarantined, trigger command
execution, or exploitation through automated file processing pipelines in
enterprise environments. Despite public disclosure of the exploit, the vendor
has remained unresponsive, leaving affected systems exposed without official
patches or guidance. Until remediation is available, organizations should
consider isolating the antivirus component from untrusted input sources,
implementing strict file validation at ingress points, and monitoring for
anomalous behavior indicative of command injection. Given the remote
accessibility, lack of required privileges, and potential for full system
compromise, this vulnerability represents a significant risk, though the
complexity of exploitation tempers its immediate operational threat. Confidence
in the technical assessment is high, based on corroborated public exploit
details and consistent behavioral indicators across multiple sources.