The vulnerability identified as CVE-2025-0063 affects multiple versions of SAP
NetWeaver AS ABAP and the ABAP Platform, specifically due to a lack of
authorization checks when executing certain remote function call (RFC) modules.
This oversight allows an attacker with basic user privileges to exploit the
system, potentially gaining unauthorized access to the Informix database, which
could lead to a complete compromise of confidentiality, integrity, and
availability of the data stored within. The root cause lies in the improper
handling of user inputs, which enables attackers to invoke vulnerable RFCs
without encountering any sophisticated security barriers, thus simplifying the
exploitation process. The attack can be executed remotely, as these functions
are accessible over standard network protocols, and does not require physical
proximity to the target system. Furthermore, the exploitation complexity is low;
once an attacker identifies the vulnerable modules, they can directly execute
them without needing to bypass additional security controls or engage in complex
manipulations. Realistic scenarios include an attacker leveraging their basic
access to execute malicious commands that could extract sensitive information,
modify critical data, or disrupt database operations, thereby undermining the
overall integrity and availability of the system. To mitigate this risk,
organizations should implement stringent access controls, ensure proper
authorization checks are in place for all RFC function modules, and regularly
update their systems to the latest patches provided by SAP. Additionally,
conducting thorough security assessments and monitoring for unusual activities
can help in early detection and prevention of potential exploits. Given the
nature of this vulnerability and its implications, there is a high level of
confidence in the assessment of the risk it poses, necessitating immediate
attention from affected organizations to safeguard their systems against
potential exploitation.