A critical vulnerability has been identified in the Tenda AC6 router firmware
version 15.03.05.16, specifically within the GetParentControlInfo function
accessible via the /goform/GetParentControlInfo endpoint. This flaw is
characterized by a stack-based buffer overflow caused by improper handling of
the src/mac parameter, which allows an attacker to send specially crafted HTTP
requests that exceed the buffer's capacity. The exploitation of this
vulnerability does not require any form of authentication, enabling
unauthenticated users to remotely trigger the overflow without needing physical
access to the device. The attack complexity is notably low, as it can be
executed using standard tools and simple payloads, such as repeated characters,
without the need for sophisticated techniques or environmental conditions. Given
that the attack can be initiated autonomously by the attacker, it poses a
significant risk, as successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code
execution, allowing the attacker to gain control over the router and potentially
access sensitive information, including configuration details and data from
connected devices. While the impact is confined to the affected device, the
implications for confidentiality and integrity are severe, as the attacker could
monitor or manipulate network traffic undetected. To mitigate this
vulnerability, it is crucial for users to update their firmware to the latest
version provided by Tenda, which addresses this issue, and to implement network
segmentation and firewall rules to restrict access to the router's management
interface from untrusted networks. Given the public disclosure of the exploit
and the straightforward nature of the attack, there is a high level of
confidence that this vulnerability will be actively targeted by malicious
actors, making immediate remediation essential for affected users.