CVE-2025-1369 describes a critical vulnerability in MicroWordâ€™s eScan Antivirus
version 7.0.32 for Linux, specifically within the USB Password Handler
component, which fails to properly sanitize input, thereby allowing malicious
actors to inject operating system commands. The flaw stems from inadequate
validation of user-supplied data processed by the handler, enabling crafted
input to traverse the application logic and reach sensitive execution paths.
This vulnerability is exploitable only through local access, requiring the
attacker to be physically or logically present on the target machine, which
significantly narrows the attack surface and rules out remote exploitation.
However, once access is obtained, the attacker does not need further user
interaction to trigger the flaw, making the attack self-contained and reliable
under the right conditions. Exploitation is non-trivial and demands a high level
of sophistication, likely involving manipulation of system configurations or
bypassing internal safeguards, which raises the operational complexity and
reduces the likelihood of opportunistic abuse. The USB Password Handler likely
operates with elevated privileges to enforce device-level policies, meaning
successful exploitation could grant the attacker broad control over the host
system, including the ability to execute arbitrary commands, access sensitive
files, modify critical configurations, and disrupt system availability.
Real-world scenarios might include an insider threat or a compromised account
with administrative access leveraging the flaw to install persistent malware,
exfiltrate confidential data, or sabotage system operations. The impact is not
confined to the antivirus software alone; it potentially extends to the
underlying operating system and any dependent services, amplifying the risk to
confidentiality, integrity, and availability. Mitigation should prioritize
disabling or isolating the vulnerable USB Password Handler component, applying
strict input validation, and enforcing least-privilege execution policies.
Organizations are advised to monitor for anomalous command execution patterns
and restrict local access to trusted personnel only. As the exploit has been
publicly disclosed and the vendor has not responded to coordinated disclosure
efforts, the risk of weaponization remains elevated. Given the technical details
available and the nature of the vulnerability, confidence in the assessment is
high, though further validation through exploit testing would strengthen the
understanding of its operational impact.