CVE-2025-0070 identifies a critical vulnerability in multiple versions of SAP
NetWeaver Application Server for ABAP and ABAP Platform, including KRNL64NUC
7.22, 7.53, 8.04, and up through 9.14, where improper authentication checks
within the core access control logic allow an attacker with valid credentials to
escalate privileges beyond their authorized scope. The flaw stems from a
misimplementation of authentication validation, enabling a user with basic
access to bypass restrictions and gain elevated control over system functions.
Exploitation is feasible remotely via standard communication protocols such as
HTTP or RFC, without requiring physical proximity or specialized environmental
conditions. Once authenticated, the attacker can independently trigger the
exploit without relying on user interaction, making the attack both silent and
efficient. The vulnerability’s impact is substantial, as it permits unauthorized
access to sensitive enterprise data—including financial records, HR information,
and proprietary configurations—while also enabling manipulation of business
logic and system settings, thereby compromising data integrity and operational
reliability. Furthermore, the attacker’s newfound privileges could be used to
disrupt services, delete critical resources, or degrade performance, posing a
serious threat to availability in mission-critical environments. The exploit
crosses internal security boundaries, affecting components beyond the initial
access domain and potentially allowing lateral movement across the SAP
landscape. Real-world scenarios might include an insider with limited access
leveraging this flaw to gain administrative control, exfiltrate confidential
data, or sabotage automated workflows, all without triggering alerts or
requiring collusion. To mitigate the risk, organizations should apply the
security patches provided by SAP as outlined in Note 3537476, conduct thorough
access audits to identify anomalous privilege escalations, and reinforce
monitoring of authentication flows for signs of abuse. Given the straightforward
nature of the exploit, the absence of complex prerequisites, and the broad
impact on confidentiality, integrity, and availability, this vulnerability
warrants immediate attention. Confidence in the analysis is high, supported by
consistent technical indicators and the predictable behavior of the flawed
authentication mechanism across affected versions.