CVE-2025-1676 concerns a vulnerability described in available metadata as: A
vulnerability classified as critical was found in hzmanyun Education and
Training System 3.1.1. Affected by this vulnerability is the function pdf2swf of
the file /pdf2swf. The manipulation of the argument file leads to os command
injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed
to the public and may be used.. Regarding attack vector, analysis indicates that
The vulnerability can be exploited remotely, which implies that an attacker does
not need access or system presence. The flaw resides in a web-accessible
endpoint (/pdf2swf), and the manipulation of the 'file' argument allows for
command injection. This suggests that the attack can be carried out over a ,
such as through HTTP requests, making it accessible from virtually anywhere with
internet connectivity. The remot Regarding attack complexity, analysis indicates
that The vulnerability arises from improper neutralization of user-supplied
input in OS command construction, which is a common and straightforward flaw to
exploit. Public disclosure of the exploit further reduces the complexity, as
attackers can reuse existing proof-of-concept code without needing to develop
their own. There are no indications of environmental conditions, race
conditions, or other mitigating factors that Regarding privileges required,
analysis indicates that The exploitation requires access to the vulnerable
endpoint, but there is no indication that administrative or elevated privileges
are needed. However, the attacker may need to be authenticated or possess some
level of access to the application to reach the vulnerable function. If the
endpoint is exposed to unauthenticated users, then no privileges are . If it is
behind a login, then -level privileges such as a basic Regarding user
interaction, analysis indicates that There is no indication that the victim must
perform any action for the attack to succeed. The vulnerability is triggered by
direct manipulation of the 'file' argument in a request to the /pdf2swf
endpoint. This implies that the attacker can execute the exploit independently,
without requiring the victim to click a link, open a file, or otherwise interact
with the system. The absence of user-dependent triggers suggest Regarding scope,
analysis indicates that The vulnerability affects the pdf2swf function within
the application, and the command injection allows execution of arbitrary
OS-level commands. However, there is no indication that the exploit causes a
change in the security boundaries between different components or systems. The
impact appears confined to the vulnerable application and its underlying
operating environment. Unless the injected commands affect other Regarding
confidentiality impact, analysis indicates that Command injection
vulnerabilities often allow attackers to execute arbitrary commands, which can
include reading sensitive files, accessing databases, or exfiltrating user data.
Given that this flaw enables OS-level command execution, it is reasonable to
assume that an attacker could retrieve confidential information stored on the
server. The extent of data exposure would depend on the permissions of the
process exec Regarding integrity impact, analysis indicates that The ability to
execute arbitrary commands on the host system poses a direct threat to data
integrity. An attacker could modify or delete files, alter system
configurations, or tamper with application logic. This could lead to
unauthorized changes in user data, application behavior, or system logs. The
vulnerability provides a pathway for malicious manipulation of system resources,
which undermines the trustworthiness Regarding availability impact, analysis
indicates that Command injection can be used to disrupt system availability by
executing commands that consume resources, crash services, or delete files. For
example, an attacker could initiate a denial-of-service by spawning infinite
processes, deleting system binaries, or corrupting essential configurations. The
fact that arbitrary commands can be run means the attacker has the potential to
render the application or even the hos From a risk perspective, the practical
attack surface and operational preconditions should be assessed within each
deployment to gauge the plausibility of abuse and potential business impact;
operators should prioritize vendor patches or configuration hardening that
removes the vulnerable code path, enforce least-privilege, tighten input
handling, and increase monitoring around suspicious access to sensitive
resources. This fallback summary is derived from structured notes and should be
treated as provisional when compared with a full narrative written by a large
language model.