A reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability has been identified in the
GlobalProtect gateway and portal functionalities of Palo Alto Networks' PAN-OS
software, specifically affecting versions 10.1.0, 10.2.0, 11.1.0, and 11.2.0.
This vulnerability allows an attacker to execute malicious JavaScript in the
context of an authenticated user's browser when they interact with a specially
crafted link, primarily posing a risk of phishing attacks that can result in
credential theft, particularly for users with Clientless VPN enabled. The root
cause lies in the improper handling of user input during web page generation,
which fails to adequately neutralize potentially harmful data. Exploitation does
not require advanced technical skills, as it relies on the attackerâ€™s ability to
craft a link that, when clicked by the victim, triggers the execution of the
malicious script without necessitating any special access or privileges beyond
those of a standard user. The attack vector is straightforward, as it leverages
the normal input paths of the application, and the complexity of the attack is
low, requiring only that the victim clicks on the link. While the integrity of
the GlobalProtect portal and its configurations remains intact, the
confidentiality of user credentials is at risk, especially if Clientless VPN is
active, as this could facilitate the theft of sensitive information. Realistic
exploitation scenarios could involve an attacker sending phishing emails
containing the crafted links to users, enticing them to click and inadvertently
compromising their credentials. To mitigate this vulnerability, organizations
should ensure that they disable Clientless VPN for users who do not require it,
implement robust input validation measures, and educate users about the dangers
of clicking on untrusted links. The confidence in the assessment of this
vulnerability is high, given the clear technical details provided and the
potential for exploitation in real-world scenarios.