CVE-2025-0802 represents a critical security flaw in SourceCodester’s Best
Employee Management System version 1.0, specifically within the administrative
endpoint exposed at /admin/View_user.php. The vulnerability stems from
insufficient enforcement of access controls, allowing unauthorized users to
invoke privileged operations without proper validation of their role or
permissions. Technically, the flaw permits direct access to sensitive
administrative functions via a crafted URL, bypassing expected privilege checks
and enabling remote actors to manipulate backend data structures. The exploit
requires no specialized conditions or timing constraints, and can be executed by
simply appending known paths to the base application URL, making it highly
accessible and straightforward to abuse. Attackers do not need elevated
credentials and can operate with minimal privileges, leveraging the exposed
interface to view, create, or delete employee records without triggering any
authentication barriers. No user interaction is necessary, and the attack can be
initiated independently by the threat actor, further lowering the barrier to
exploitation. The impact is confined to the application’s own security domain,
with no evidence of lateral movement or cross-system compromise, but the
consequences within that scope are significant. Unauthorized access to personnel
data compromises confidentiality, while the ability to alter or remove records
undermines data integrity and organizational accountability. Although
availability is not directly threatened, the deletion of records could disrupt
workflows and operational continuity. Real-world exploitation scenarios include
insider threats or external adversaries targeting exposed deployments over the
internet, particularly in environments lacking network segmentation or proper
endpoint hardening. Given the public disclosure of the exploit and its low
complexity, the risk profile is elevated and warrants immediate attention.
Remediation should prioritize implementing robust access control mechanisms on
all administrative endpoints, validating user roles before executing privileged
operations, and restricting direct URL access through server-side authorization
checks. Organizations are advised to audit existing deployments for exposure,
apply necessary patches or configuration changes, and monitor access logs for
anomalous activity targeting the vulnerable path. Based on the clarity of the
technical details, the simplicity of the attack, and the availability of public
exploit code, confidence in the assessment is high and the vulnerability should
be treated as a priority for mitigation.