CVE-2025-0115 concerns a vulnerability described in available metadata as: A
vulnerability in the Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS software enables an authenticated
admin on the PAN-OS CLI to read arbitrary files. The attacker must have network
access to the management interface (web, SSH, console, or telnet) and
successfully authenticate to exploit this issue. You can greatly reduce the risk
of this issue by restricting access to the management interface to only trusted
users and internal IP addresses according to our recommended critical deployment
guidelines
https://live.paloaltonetworks.com/t5/community-blogs/tips-amp-tricks-how-to-secure-the-management-access-of-your-palo/ba-p/464431
. This issue does not affect Cloud NGFW or Prisma Access.. Regarding attack
vector, analysis indicates that The vulnerability requires the attacker to
access the PAN-OS CLI via the management interface, which includes protocols
like SSH, web, console, or telnet. This implies that exploitation is only
possible from within the or through remote access to a management interface, not
through general internet exposure. The need for access to a specific
administrative interface significantly limits the exposure surface, as these
Regarding attack complexity, analysis indicates that Once authenticated access
to the CLI is obtained, the exploitation of the vulnerability appears
straightforward. There are no indications of race conditions, timing
dependencies, or environmental factors that would complicate exploitation. The
attacker does not need to manipulate system state or perform any unusual
configuration steps. Therefore, the technical steps to exploit the issue are
minimal, assuming the atta Regarding privileges required, analysis indicates
that The attacker must be an authenticated administrator on the PAN-OS CLI,
which implies elevated privileges. This is not a general user or -level account;
it is someone with administrative capabilities. While this level of access is
significant, it is not the highest possible (e.g., root on the underlying OS),
and such access may be granted to multiple individuals in an organization. The
requirement for admin-level acce Regarding user interaction, analysis indicates
that There is no indication that any user other than the attacker needs to
perform an action for the vulnerability to be exploited. The attacker, once
authenticated, can execute commands directly via the CLI to read arbitrary
files. No phishing, social engineering, or user-triggered events are necessary.
This makes the vulnerability more straightforward to exploit once access is
obtained, as it does not rely on external c Regarding scope, analysis indicates
that The vulnerability allows an attacker to read arbitrary files within the
PAN-OS environment, but there is no indication that it affects other components
or systems beyond the PAN-OS itself. The impact is confined to the same security
boundary—the PAN-OS device—and does not extend to other systems or services.
Therefore, the security authority remains , and the effects are limited to the
environment in which the vulner Regarding confidentiality impact, analysis
indicates that The ability to read arbitrary files as an authenticated admin can
expose sensitive configuration data, credentials, logs, or other internal
information. This could lead to significant data leakage, especially if the
attacker targets files containing user credentials, VPN keys, or policy
definitions. The impact is substantial because it compromises the
confidentiality of potentially information stored on the device, w Regarding
integrity impact, analysis indicates that There is no indication that the
attacker can modify or delete files through this vulnerability. The description
specifically mentions the ability to read arbitrary files, not write or alter
them. Therefore, the integrity of the system remains intact, as the attacker
cannot tamper with system configurations, binaries, or logs. The vulnerability
does not provide a pathway for injecting malicious data or corrupting exis
Regarding availability impact, analysis indicates that The vulnerability does
not appear to affect the availability of the PAN-OS device or its services.
Reading files does not inherently disrupt system operations, consume excessive
resources, or cause crashes. There is no mention of denial-of-service conditions
or performance degradation resulting from exploitation. As such, the system
remains operational and responsive, even if the vulnerability is successfully
exploit From a risk perspective, the practical attack surface and operational
preconditions should be assessed within each deployment to gauge the
plausibility of abuse and potential business impact; operators should prioritize
vendor patches or configuration hardening that removes the vulnerable code path,
enforce least-privilege, tighten input handling, and increase monitoring around
suspicious access to sensitive resources. This fallback summary is derived from
structured notes and should be treated as provisional when compared with a full
narrative written by a large language model.