CVE-2025-0110 describes a command injection flaw in version 1.0.0 of the PAN-OS
OpenConfig plugin from Palo Alto Networks, which allows an authenticated
administrator to execute arbitrary commands on the firewall via crafted gNMI
requests sent through the PAN-OS management web interface. The vulnerability
stems from improper handling of special characters within gNMI inputs, enabling
malicious payloads to bypass input sanitization and be interpreted directly by
the underlying operating system. These commands are executed under the
“__openconfig” user, who possesses Device Administrator privileges, granting
broad control over system functions. While exploitation requires prior
authentication and administrative access, the attack vector remains concerning
due to the potential exposure of the management interface to remote access,
especially in environments lacking strict network segmentation or IP-based
access controls. The attack does not depend on user interaction or environmental
conditions, making it straightforward for a malicious insider or compromised
admin account to exploit. Once triggered, the attacker can access sensitive
configuration data, extract credentials, modify firewall rules, and disrupt
services, posing serious risks to confidentiality, integrity, and availability.
Real-world scenarios could include a rogue administrator embedding persistent
backdoors, exfiltrating decrypted traffic, or disabling security policies to
facilitate lateral movement. Although the vulnerability does not extend beyond
the PAN-OS system or escalate privileges beyond the already high level of the
attacker, the impact within the firewall domain is severe. Mitigation should
focus on restricting access to the management interface using trusted internal
IP ranges, enforcing least privilege principles for administrative roles, and
monitoring gNMI traffic for anomalies. Organizations are advised to follow Palo
Alto Networks’ deployment best practices and consider disabling the OpenConfig
plugin if not actively used. Given the clarity of the exploitation path, the
absence of complex prerequisites, and the high level of access required, our
confidence in the technical assessment and risk characterization is high.