CVE-2025-0105 describes a critical vulnerability in Palo Alto Networks’
Expedition tool that permits unauthenticated actors to delete arbitrary files on
the host system, specifically those accessible to the www-data user, posing a
significant threat to operational integrity across multiple product lines
including Cloud NGFW, Panorama, PAN-OS, and Prisma Access. The flaw stems from
improper validation of user-supplied file paths, allowing external control over
filesystem operations—a classic manifestation of CWE-73. Exploitation is
achievable via standard input channels exposed by the application, requiring no
specialized access conditions or timing constraints, and can be executed
remotely without user interaction once the vulnerable interface is identified.
The attack surface is broad, given that the vulnerable logic is reachable
through routine data flows, and the absence of authentication requirements
dramatically lowers the barrier to entry for adversaries. While the scope of
impact is generally confined to the privileges of the web service user, the
ability to delete arbitrary files can lead to cascading failures, including
denial of service, corruption of configuration states, and potential exposure of
sensitive data if deletion disrupts logging or access controls. Real-world
exploitation could involve attackers targeting publicly exposed Expedition
instances to erase critical system files, disable security functions, or
sabotage operational workflows, especially in environments where Expedition is
integrated with broader automation pipelines. The risk profile is elevated due
to the lack of privilege checks and the simplicity of the attack vector, making
it attractive for both opportunistic and targeted campaigns. Mitigation requires
immediate patching or configuration hardening to restrict file access and
sanitize input paths rigorously; Palo Alto Networks has issued guidance and
updates to address the issue, and organizations should prioritize deployment of
these fixes across all affected platforms. Additional safeguards such as web
application firewalls, strict access controls, and monitoring for anomalous file
operations can further reduce exposure. Based on the clarity of the
vulnerability mechanics, the breadth of affected products, and the feasibility
of exploitation, confidence in the assessment is high, and defenders should
treat this as a priority remediation item within their threat management
workflows.