CVE-2025-3544 represents a critical command injection vulnerability affecting
multiple H3C Magic series devices—including NX15, NX30 Pro, NX400, R3010, and
BE18000—running firmware version V100R014, where the flaw resides in the
FCGI_CheckStringIfContainsSemicolon function within the HTTP POST request
handler tied to the /api/wizard/getCapabilityWeb endpoint. The root cause stems
from insufficient sanitization of user-supplied input, specifically the failure
to properly neutralize semicolon characters embedded in request payloads, which
allows attackers to inject arbitrary system commands that are subsequently
executed by the underlying operating environment. This vulnerability poses a
severe risk to confidentiality, integrity, and availability, as successful
exploitation could enable unauthorized access to sensitive configuration data,
manipulation of system files, and disruption of core device functionality. The
attack vector is constrained to local network access, meaning adversaries must
be positioned within the same subnet or gain access via compromised internal
assets, VPN connections, or insider pathways; however, once network proximity is
achieved, exploitation requires minimal effort due to the availability of public
proof-of-concept code and the absence of authentication or user interaction
requirements. The attack complexity is low, relying on standard HTTP POST
mechanics and predictable input parsing behavior, making it feasible for threat
actors with limited technical sophistication to execute. Real-world scenarios
include lateral movement within enterprise networks, where compromised endpoints
are used to target vulnerable H3C devices, potentially leading to full device
takeover, data exfiltration, or service outages through destructive commands.
Mitigation should prioritize immediate firmware upgrades to patched versions
provided by H3C, alongside network segmentation to isolate management interfaces
and strict access controls to reduce exposure. Organizations should also monitor
for anomalous POST requests to the affected endpoint and consider deploying
virtual patching or input validation filters if upgrades are delayed. Based on
the clarity of technical details, the presence of active exploit code, and the
straightforward nature of the attack path, confidence in the assessment is high,
and defenders should treat this vulnerability as an urgent priority for
remediation.