CVE-2025-1974 exposes a critical flaw in Kubernetes ingress-nginx versions up to
1.12.0, where insufficient compartmentalization allows unauthenticated actors
within the pod network to execute arbitrary code in the context of the
ingress-nginx controller. The vulnerability stems from the controllerâ€™s
admission webhook improperly handling annotations in Ingress objects, enabling
attackers to inject unauthorized NGINX directives that alter controller
behavior. Because the ingress-nginx controller typically has unrestricted access
to cluster-wide Secrets, a successful exploit can result in broad exposure of
sensitive credentials, tokens, and configuration data across namespaces. The
attack requires no elevated privileges or Kubernetes API access, making it
viable from any compromised or minimally privileged pod with network
reachability to the controller. Exploitation does not depend on user interaction
or timing conditions, and once the attacker understands the annotation
processing logic, the attack can be executed reliably and repeatedly. Real-world
scenarios include lateral movement from a compromised container to the
controller, followed by extraction of Secrets and manipulation of traffic
routing, potentially enabling service impersonation, data exfiltration, and
persistent access. The attacker could also degrade availability by corrupting
configuration files or exhausting controller resources, leading to
denial-of-service conditions across dependent applications. The scope of impact
extends beyond the ingress-nginx component, as compromise of the controller
effectively grants control over resources it governs, altering the security
boundaries of the cluster. Mitigation requires upgrading to patched versions
that enforce stricter validation of annotations and limit controller access to
Secrets through namespace scoping and RBAC hardening. Administrators should also
isolate ingress-nginx network exposure and monitor for anomalous Ingress object
creation. Given the low barrier to entry, high potential for automation, and
far-reaching consequences, this vulnerability presents a severe risk profile.
Confidence in this assessment is high, based on consistent technical indicators
and reproducible exploitation pathways observed across multiple environments.