CVE-2025-0056 affects SAP GUI for Java version BC-FES-JAV 7.80 and stems from
the application's design choice to locally store user input on the client
machine to enhance usability. This behavior inadvertently introduces a
confidentiality risk, as the stored input—potentially containing sensitive
transactional data such as credentials, personal identifiers, or financial
records—is saved in an unencrypted format within the user's directory. The
vulnerability arises from insufficient isolation between application-level data
and the underlying operating system, allowing an attacker with administrative
privileges or equivalent access to the victim’s file system to retrieve this
information without needing to bypass complex security mechanisms or rely on
unpredictable conditions. Exploitation does not require any interaction from the
user at the time of attack; the data is already present due to prior usage, and
its exposure is passive, contingent solely on the attacker’s ability to access
the relevant directory. The attack vector is constrained to local or logically
adjacent environments, such as shared endpoints or networked storage, and cannot
be executed remotely or through the application interface alone. While the
attacker cannot alter or corrupt the stored input, the unauthorized disclosure
of sensitive data can have serious implications, particularly in enterprise
contexts where SAP GUI is used for critical operations. Realistic exploitation
scenarios include insider threats, compromised administrative accounts, or
malware with escalated privileges targeting endpoints running SAP GUI for Java.
Mitigation should prioritize restricting access to the user directory through
hardened OS-level permissions, implementing encryption for locally stored input
data, and deploying endpoint monitoring to detect unauthorized file access. SAP
has issued guidance under Note 3502459, and organizations are advised to apply
relevant patches and review local storage practices. Based on the predictable
nature of the vulnerability, the straightforward exploitation path once access
is obtained, and the high potential impact on confidentiality, this assessment
is made with high confidence.