CVE-2025-1819 describes a critical vulnerability in the Tenda AC7 1200M router,
specifically version 15.03.06.44, where improper input handling in the
TendaTelnet function within the /goform/telnet endpoint allows for remote
command injection via manipulation of the lan_ip parameter. This flaw stems from
insufficient sanitization of user-supplied input, enabling attackers to inject
arbitrary operating system commands that are executed with the privileges of the
underlying process. The exposed interface is accessible over the network, and
exploitation does not require physical access or complex environmental
conditions, making it feasible for remote actors to target vulnerable devices
with minimal effort. If authentication is enforced, attackers would only need
basic credentials to reach the vulnerable code path, and once access is
obtained, no further user interaction is necessary to trigger the exploit. The
impact is significant, as successful exploitation can lead to unauthorized
command execution, potential leakage of sensitive configuration data,
manipulation of device settings, and degradation of service availability through
resource exhaustion or denial-of-service conditions. While the scope of impact
is generally confined to the affected device, lateral movement or pivoting into
adjacent network segments is plausible if the compromised router serves as a
gateway or has privileged access to internal systems. Real-world attack
scenarios may include mass scanning of internet-facing Tenda AC7 units,
automated exploitation via botnets, or targeted compromise of consumer or small
office networks, especially given that proof-of-concept code is publicly
available and requires only basic scripting knowledge to operationalize. To
mitigate this risk, users should immediately apply firmware updates if available
from the vendor, or disable the vulnerable telnet interface if patching is not
feasible. Network administrators are advised to restrict external access to
management interfaces, enforce strong authentication, and monitor for anomalous
outbound traffic that may indicate compromise. Given the public disclosure of
exploit details and the low barrier to execution, the likelihood of widespread
exploitation is high, and the confidence in the technical analysis and threat
modeling is strong based on corroborated community reports and direct inspection
of the vulnerable code path.