CVE-2025-1608 identifies a critical vulnerability in LB-LINK’s AC1900 Router
firmware version 1.0.2, specifically within the websGetVar function exposed
through the /goform/set_manpwd endpoint, where improper handling of the routepwd
parameter enables remote command injection. The flaw stems from unsanitized
input being passed directly to system-level execution routines, allowing
attackers to embed arbitrary shell commands in HTTP requests without triggering
validation or escaping mechanisms. This exposure permits adversaries to
compromise the device from any location with network access, as the vulnerable
interface is reachable over standard web protocols and does not appear to
require specialized conditions or timing to exploit. The simplicity of the
attack—requiring only knowledge of the endpoint and the ability to craft a
malicious payload—combined with the existence of publicly available exploit
code, significantly lowers the barrier to entry for threat actors. While it
remains unclear whether authentication is enforced for this endpoint, even
minimal credentials or bypass techniques could suffice to reach the vulnerable
code path, and in the worst-case scenario, no authentication may be required at
all. Once exploited, the attacker gains the ability to execute arbitrary
operating system commands, which can lead to extensive compromise across
confidentiality, integrity, and availability domains. Sensitive data such as
Wi-Fi credentials, administrative passwords, and user activity logs may be
extracted; system configurations and firmware may be altered or replaced; and
core services can be disrupted or disabled entirely, resulting in
denial-of-service conditions or persistent backdoor access. Real-world
exploitation could manifest in scenarios ranging from targeted surveillance and
traffic manipulation to widespread botnet recruitment or infrastructure
sabotage. Mitigation requires immediate firmware updates or, in the absence of
vendor support, network-level controls such as firewall rules to block access to
the vulnerable endpoint, disabling remote management features, and segmenting
the device from untrusted networks. Given the lack of vendor response and the
public availability of exploit details, the threat landscape surrounding this
vulnerability is active and evolving, and defensive measures should be
prioritized with urgency. Confidence in this assessment is high, based on the
clarity of the technical indicators, the reproducibility of the exploit, and
corroborating evidence from multiple independent sources.