CVE-2025-0015 describes a memory management flaw in Arm Ltd’s Valhall GPU Kernel
Driver and the Arm 5th Gen GPU Architecture Kernel Driver, specifically
affecting versions r48p0 through r49p1 and r50p0 through r52p0. The
vulnerability stems from a use-after-free condition, where GPU processing
operations initiated by a local, non-privileged process can access memory
regions that have already been released, leading to unpredictable behavior and
potential compromise of system integrity. This flaw arises due to improper
lifecycle handling of memory objects within the kernel driver, allowing stale
pointers to be dereferenced during subsequent GPU task execution. The attack
surface is exposed through standard input channels of the driver, requiring no
physical access or specialized conditions beyond the ability to submit crafted
data to the GPU interface. Exploitation does not demand elevated privileges, but
does require that the attacker has a valid user account with basic access to the
GPU subsystem. Once the vulnerable code path is reached, the attacker can
trigger the flaw autonomously without needing interaction from other users,
making the threat actor’s control over the exploit timing relatively
straightforward. The impact is confined to the GPU driver’s domain unless the
compromised memory region contains references to broader system resources, in
which case the scope of damage could extend beyond the immediate module.
Confidentiality risks include unauthorized access to residual data left in freed
memory, which may contain sensitive information from prior operations. Integrity
may be affected if the attacker is able to manipulate memory contents
post-reallocation, potentially altering GPU behavior or corrupting data
structures. Availability degradation is also plausible, as repeated exploitation
could lead to resource exhaustion or driver instability, resulting in system
crashes or degraded performance. Real-world exploitation could manifest in
scenarios where a malicious application leverages GPU APIs to repeatedly invoke
the vulnerable operation, harvesting leaked data or destabilizing the host
system, particularly in environments where GPU acceleration is heavily utilized,
such as mobile devices or embedded platforms. To mitigate this issue, Arm Ltd
has released patched versions of the affected drivers, and organizations should
prioritize updating to the latest secure builds. Additional safeguards include
enforcing strict memory sanitization routines and runtime validation of pointer
references within GPU task queues. Given the clarity of the vulnerability’s root
cause, the straightforward nature of the attack path, and the availability of
remediation guidance, confidence in the assessment is high, though downstream
impacts may vary depending on system architecture and deployment context.