CVE-2025-0411 represents a significant vulnerability in the 7-Zip file archiving
software, specifically affecting version 24.08 (x64), which allows remote
attackers to circumvent the Mark-of-the-Web protection mechanism. This flaw
arises from a failure in the software's handling of archived files, where the
Mark-of-the-Web is not properly propagated to files extracted from a specially
crafted archive. As a result, an attacker can execute arbitrary code within the
context of the current user, provided that the user either opens a malicious
archive or visits a compromised webpage. This exploitation requires user
interaction, which serves as a critical barrier, as the attack hinges on
convincing the user to engage with the malicious content. The complexity of the
attack lies in the need for the attacker to create a specifically formatted
archive that exploits the flaw in 7-Zip’s metadata handling, necessitating a
degree of technical knowledge about the application’s internal workings.
Importantly, the attacker does not need elevated privileges or prior access to
the system, as the execution occurs under the permissions of the user who
interacts with the malicious file. This means that if successful, the attacker
can gain access to any data or resources that the user can access, leading to
potential breaches of confidentiality, integrity, and availability. Scenarios
for exploitation could include social engineering tactics to persuade users to
download and open the malicious archive, or embedding the exploit within
seemingly benign files shared via email or other communication channels. To
mitigate this vulnerability, users are advised to avoid opening untrusted
archives and to ensure that they are using the latest version of 7-Zip, as
updates may include patches for such vulnerabilities. Additionally, implementing
robust user education and awareness programs can help reduce the likelihood of
successful exploitation. Overall, confidence in the assessment of this
vulnerability is high, given the clear technical details surrounding its
exploitation and the established user interaction requirement, which underscores
the importance of user vigilance in cybersecurity practices.