CVE-2025-0521 identifies a stored cross-site scripting flaw in the Post SMTP
plugin for WordPress, affecting all versions up to and including 3.0.2. The
vulnerability stems from inadequate input sanitization and output encoding in
the plugin’s handling of the “from” and “subject” parameters, allowing malicious
JavaScript to be persistently injected into site content. This flaw is reachable
via standard plugin interfaces exposed to unauthenticated users, meaning
attackers can exploit it remotely without credentials or privileged access. The
attack requires minimal effort: a threat actor crafts a payload containing
harmful script code and submits it through the plugin’s exposed fields. Once
stored, the script executes in the browser of any user who loads the compromised
page, enabling session hijacking, credential theft, or manipulation of site
content. Because the script runs in the context of the victim’s browser, it can
interact with other parts of the WordPress site, potentially compromising user
data and undermining trust in site integrity. While the exploit does not
directly impact server availability, secondary consequences such as client-side
crashes or performance degradation may occur if the injected code is
resource-intensive. Real-world scenarios include attackers embedding phishing
redirects, exfiltrating session tokens, or spoofing legitimate notifications,
all triggered passively when users view affected pages. Mitigation requires
updating the plugin to a patched version that properly sanitizes user input and
escapes output before rendering. Administrators should also consider
implementing web application firewalls and content security policies to reduce
exposure to script-based attacks. Given the simplicity of the exploit, lack of
authentication requirements, and potential for widespread impact across user
sessions and site content, this vulnerability presents a significant risk
profile. Confidence in this assessment is high, based on consistent behavior
across plugin versions, clear exposure paths, and reproducible exploitation
conditions observed in multiple sources.