CVE-2025-1098 identifies a critical vulnerability in Kubernetes’ ingress-nginx
controller, specifically affecting versions up to and including 1.12.0, where
improper validation of the and Ingress annotations permits injection of
arbitrary configuration directives into the underlying nginx process. This flaw
stems from a failure to sanitize user-supplied annotation values, allowing
threat actors to manipulate nginx’s configuration logic in ways unintended by
the system’s design. Once malicious input is accepted, attackers can craft
payloads that execute arbitrary commands within the controller’s runtime
environment, potentially exposing sensitive cluster-wide Secrets due to the
controller’s default access scope. The vulnerability is reachable through
standard ingress configuration paths, meaning exploitation does not require
physical access or specialized conditions—only the ability to define or modify
ingress resources with crafted annotations. Attackers with basic permissions to
create or edit ingress objects in a Kubernetes cluster can exploit this issue
without needing elevated privileges or user interaction, making the attack
vector both accessible and low in complexity. The impact is substantial:
successful exploitation can compromise confidentiality by leaking Secrets,
undermine integrity through unauthorized configuration changes, and degrade
availability if the injected directives trigger resource-intensive operations.
Real-world scenarios include a compromised developer account or a misconfigured
CI/CD pipeline that pushes malicious ingress definitions, leading to lateral
movement or privilege escalation within the cluster. Mitigation requires
immediate upgrades to patched versions of ingress-nginx where annotation
handling has been hardened, alongside policy enforcement to restrict ingress
object creation to trusted principals and the use of admission controllers to
validate annotation content. Organizations should also audit existing ingress
definitions for suspicious annotations and rotate Secrets if exposure is
suspected. Based on the clarity of the vulnerability’s mechanics, the
straightforward path to exploitation, and the breadth of potential impact,
confidence in the severity and exploitability of this issue is high.