The vulnerability identified as CVE-2025-2292 affects Xorcom's CompletePBX,
specifically versions up to 5.2.35, and is characterized by an authenticated
path traversal flaw that enables unauthorized file reading through the Backup
and Restore functionality. This issue arises from improper restrictions on
pathname handling, allowing attackers to manipulate file paths and access
sensitive files that should remain protected. Exploitation of this vulnerability
can occur through standard input mechanisms, where an attacker, possessing basic
authenticated access, can craft requests to trigger the vulnerable code path
without needing any special conditions or proximity. The complexity of the
attack is relatively low, as it relies on typical data parsing and handling
processes inherent to the application. Once the interface is accessible, the
attacker can initiate the exploit at will, with no additional user interaction
required, unless the exploitation involves a secondary party managing the
content. The potential impact includes significant confidentiality breaches, as
the flaw may expose sensitive information not intended for the requestor, while
there is also a risk of integrity issues if the vulnerability allows unintended
modifications to data. Furthermore, repeated exploitation attempts could lead to
resource exhaustion, affecting the availability of the service. To mitigate this
vulnerability, it is crucial for organizations using CompletePBX to upgrade to
version 5.2.36 or later, which addresses the issue, and to implement strict
access controls to limit exposure to authenticated users only. Given the nature
of the vulnerability and the potential for exploitation, confidence in the
assessment of this threat is high, underscoring the urgency for prompt
remediation to safeguard sensitive information and maintain system integrity.