CVE-2025-0071 affects multiple versions of SAP Web Dispatcher and Internet
Communication Manager, including KRNL64UC 7.53, WEBDISP 7.53, and up to version
9.14, where a misconfiguration vulnerability allows an attacker with
administrative privileges to activate a debugging trace mode that inadvertently
logs unencrypted passwords. The root cause lies in the system’s diagnostic
logging behavior, which, when triggered via a specific parameter, captures
sensitive authentication data without encryption, thereby exposing it in
plaintext within trace files. This flaw stems from improper handling of
confidential information during debug operations, violating secure logging
practices and resulting in a significant compromise of confidentiality.
Exploitation requires access to the administrative interface, typically
restricted to internal environments or protected management networks, meaning
the attacker must either be an insider or have previously gained elevated access
through other means. The attack does not rely on complex conditions or timing;
once administrative control is established, enabling the trace mode is a direct
and uncomplicated configuration change. No user interaction is needed, and the
attacker can execute the exploit autonomously without requiring any action from
other users. The impact is confined to the affected component’s security domain,
with no evidence of cross-system compromise or data integrity violations, as the
vulnerability does not alter system behavior or data—only exposes it. In
realistic scenarios, a threat actor who has compromised an admin account could
enable trace mode during routine diagnostics or maintenance windows, harvest
credentials from the logs, and use them to pivot within the environment or
access additional services, especially if password reuse is prevalent. To
mitigate this risk, organizations should apply SAP’s security patches referenced
in advisory 3558132, disable unnecessary debug features in production
environments, and enforce strict access controls and monitoring on
administrative interfaces. Additionally, log files should be regularly audited
for sensitive data exposure, and credentials found in logs should be rotated
immediately. Given the straightforward nature of the exploit and the high
sensitivity of the exposed data, the risk is substantial, though the requirement
for administrative access narrows the threat landscape to insiders or actors
with prior footholds. Confidence in this assessment is high, based on consistent
technical indicators and corroborated behavioral patterns across multiple
sources.