CVE-2025-0181 identifies a critical vulnerability in the WP Foodbakery plugin
for WordPress, affecting all versions up to and including 4.7, where improper
validation of user identity prior to setting authentication cookies enables
unauthenticated attackers to impersonate privileged users, including site
administrators. The flaw stems from a failure in the plugin’s session management
logic, specifically its neglect to verify the legitimacy of user credentials
before assigning session tokens and invoking the function, thereby allowing
crafted requests to bypass authentication entirely. This vulnerability presents
a severe risk profile due to its potential to compromise administrative
accounts, leading to full control over site content, user data, and plugin
configurations. The attack surface is exposed through standard web interfaces,
requiring no specialized access or physical proximity, and the exploitation
process is straightforward, relying solely on the attacker’s ability to deliver
malicious input to the vulnerable endpoint. No complex environmental conditions
or timing dependencies are necessary, making the exploit highly accessible to
threat actors with minimal technical sophistication. Once access is gained,
adversaries could exfiltrate sensitive user information, alter site content,
inject malicious scripts, or disable site functionality, with cascading effects
on confidentiality, integrity, and availability. Real-world exploitation
scenarios include automated account takeover campaigns targeting vulnerable
WordPress installations, particularly those used by small businesses or
restaurants that rely on Foodbakery for customer engagement and order
management. Given the plugin’s popularity and the ease of exploitation,
widespread abuse is plausible, especially in environments lacking robust
monitoring or intrusion detection. To mitigate this issue, users should
immediately update to a patched version once available or disable the plugin
entirely if no fix is forthcoming. In the interim, deploying web application
firewalls with rule sets tailored to detect anomalous authentication flows,
enforcing multi-factor authentication for administrative accounts, and auditing
session management routines can help reduce exposure. Site administrators are
also advised to monitor logs for suspicious login activity and consider
isolating plugin functionality behind additional access controls. Based on the
clarity of the vulnerability’s mechanics, the consistency of observed behavior
across affected versions, and the straightforward nature of exploitation,
confidence in this assessment is high.