CVE-2025-0868 identifies a critical remote code execution vulnerability in
DocsGPT versions ranging from 0.8.1 through 0.12.0, stemming from the unsafe use
of Pythonâ€™s eval() function to parse JSON input received via the publicly
exposed /api/remote endpoint. This flaw allows unauthenticated attackers to
inject and execute arbitrary Python code by crafting malicious JSON payloads,
exploiting the absence of input sanitization and authentication checks. The
vulnerability arises from improper neutralization of special elements in command
inputs, effectively constituting a command injection scenario. Because the
endpoint is accessible over the internet and does not require user interaction
or elevated privileges, the attack surface is broad and the exploitation process
is straightforward, requiring no special environmental conditions or timing
constraints. A realistic exploitation scenario involves an adversary remotely
sending a crafted request to the vulnerable API, resulting in full execution
control over the host system running DocsGPT. Once compromised, the attacker
could access sensitive files, extract credentials, manipulate system
configurations, or deploy additional malware, especially if the application runs
with elevated permissions or has access to other internal resources. The impact
is not confined to the application alone and may extend to other services or
data residing on the same host, posing significant risks to confidentiality,
integrity, and availability. Given the simplicity of the attack and the
potential for systemic compromise, organizations using affected versions should
immediately upgrade to a patched release or implement strict input validation
and disable the use of eval() in JSON parsing routines. Network-level
protections such as API gateway filtering and authentication enforcement can
further reduce exposure. Based on the clarity of the technical details and the
consistency across multiple sources, confidence in the assessment is high, and
the vulnerability should be treated as a priority for remediation.