CVE-2025-0394 affects all versions up to and including 3.7.3.5 of the Groundhogg
plugin for WordPress, a widely deployed CRM and marketing automation tool,
exposing sites to arbitrary file upload due to the absence of file type
validation in the gh_big_file_upload() function. The vulnerability stems from a
failure to enforce restrictions on uploaded content types, allowing attackers
with Author-level privileges or higher to introduce malicious files into the
server environment via the plugin’s standard web-accessible interface. Because
the flaw resides in a routinely used upload mechanism and requires no special
conditions or timing dependencies, exploitation is straightforward once the
attacker has authenticated access. The attack can be initiated remotely and
autonomously, without requiring any interaction from other users, making it
viable in multi-author environments or in cases where privilege escalation has
occurred. Once a crafted payload is uploaded, the attacker may achieve remote
code execution, enabling full control over the WordPress instance. This could
result in unauthorized access to sensitive data such as credentials and
configuration files, manipulation of site content, injection of persistent
backdoors, or complete disruption of service through destructive actions or
resource exhaustion. While the impact is confined to the WordPress application
boundary and does not inherently compromise external systems, the potential for
full site compromise remains severe. Real-world scenarios include attackers
leveraging compromised author accounts to deploy web shells, exfiltrate user
data, or pivot to other internal assets. Mitigation requires immediate upgrading
to a patched version where file type validation has been implemented, along with
reviewing user roles and permissions to limit unnecessary author-level access.
Administrators should also audit uploaded files for signs of tampering and
consider implementing additional server-side controls to restrict executable
content. Given the clarity of the vulnerability’s root cause, the accessibility
of the attack vector, and the well-documented remediation path, confidence in
the assessment is high.