CVE-2025-0124 describes a vulnerability in Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS software,
specifically affecting all versions of Cloud NGFW and PAN-OS releases from
10.1.0 through 11.2.0, while Prisma Access remains unaffected. The flaw allows
an authenticated user with network access to the management web interface to
delete select files—such as certain logs and configuration data—under the
“nobody” user context, though it does not permit deletion of core system files.
The underlying issue stems from improper validation of externally supplied file
paths, enabling unauthorized manipulation of file operations via crafted input.
This vulnerability arises from a lack of robust controls over user-supplied
filenames or paths, aligning with the CWE-73 classification. Exploitation
requires access to the management interface, which is typically exposed over the
network and protected by standard authentication; however, no elevated
privileges beyond a valid user account are necessary. The attack vector is
straightforward, relying on conventional input mechanisms without requiring
physical proximity or complex environmental conditions. Once authenticated, an
attacker can initiate the exploit autonomously without further user interaction,
making the threat actor’s control over the timing and execution relatively high.
The scope of impact remains confined to the affected component, with no
indication of lateral movement or cross-boundary compromise. While the
vulnerability does not directly expose sensitive data, it could lead to
inadvertent disclosure if deleted logs contain operational insights or if
configuration changes affect system behavior. Integrity risks are moderate, as
the deletion of configuration files may alter system states or disrupt expected
operations. Availability could also be degraded if repeated exploitation leads
to loss of critical logs or configuration data, potentially impairing system
monitoring or recovery processes. Real-world exploitation scenarios may include
insider threats or compromised credentials used to target administrative
interfaces in poorly segmented environments, especially where access controls
are lax or misconfigured. To mitigate risk, organizations should restrict
management interface access to trusted internal IP ranges, enforce strong
authentication policies, and monitor for anomalous file operations. Palo Alto
Networks recommends following their critical deployment guidelines to harden
access pathways and reduce exposure. Given the clarity of the exploit path, the
absence of complex prerequisites, and the specificity of the affected
components, confidence in the technical characterization and risk assessment is
high.