CVE-2025-0366 affects all versions up to and including 4.8.7 of the Jupiter X
Core plugin for WordPress, exposing sites to a critical flaw that enables local
file inclusion leading to remote code execution. The vulnerability stems from
improper handling of file paths within the get_svg() function, which fails to
adequately sanitize user-supplied input, allowing attackers to include and
execute arbitrary PHP files on the server. Exploitation requires authenticated
access at the Contributor level or higher, a role commonly granted to content
creators, making the attack feasible in many real-world deployments. Once
authenticated, an attacker can upload a malicious SVG file containing embedded
PHP code and then reference it within a post, triggering execution through the
pluginâ€™s flawed processing logic. The attack is conducted entirely through the
web interface, requiring no direct access to the server or additional user
interaction, and leverages standard WordPress capabilities such as media uploads
and post creation. The exploitation process is straightforward and does not
depend on complex environmental conditions, race states, or specialized
configurations, making it accessible to individuals with basic familiarity with
WordPress and PHP. The impact of successful exploitation is severe, as it
enables the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the server, potentially
compromising the entire WordPress installation, accessing sensitive data,
altering system files, or deploying persistent backdoors. The scope of the
compromise extends beyond the plugin itself, affecting other components and
services running on the host system. To mitigate this threat, administrators
should immediately update to a patched version once available, restrict SVG
uploads or disable them entirely, and consider implementing stricter role-based
access controls to limit Contributor-level permissions. Additionally, deploying
web application firewalls with rules to detect and block suspicious file uploads
can provide an added layer of defense. Given the clarity of the exploitation
path, the absence of mitigating factors, and the broad impact on system
integrity, confidence in the severity and exploitability of this vulnerability
is high.