CVE-2025-0438 describes a stack buffer overflow vulnerability in the Tracing
component of Google Chrome versions prior to 132.0.6834.83, which may be
exploited remotely through the delivery of a specially crafted HTML page. The
flaw stems from improper bounds checking during stack memory operations within
the Tracing subsystem, where unvalidated input can lead to overwriting adjacent
memory regions, potentially corrupting execution flow or exposing sensitive
data. Because the vulnerable code is accessible via standard browser input
mechanisms, an attacker can initiate exploitation by enticing a user to visit a
malicious webpage, without requiring physical proximity or elevated privileges.
The attack does not depend on complex environmental conditions or timing
constraints, making it relatively straightforward to execute once the target
interface is reached. While no user interaction beyond page loading is
necessary, the impact is confined to the browser process unless secondary
effects cascade into broader system compromise. Successful exploitation could
result in unauthorized access to memory contents, manipulation of browser state,
or denial of service through repeated triggering, depending on how the overflow
is leveraged. In realistic scenarios, adversaries may embed malicious payloads
in advertisements, compromised websites, or phishing links, aiming to exploit
the flaw in drive-by fashion. Mitigation requires updating Chrome to version
132.0.6834.83 or later, which includes a patch that enforces stricter memory
handling in the affected module. Organizations should also consider deploying
browser-level exploit mitigations such as sandboxing and behavior monitoring to
reduce exposure. Based on the clarity of the vulnerabilityâ€™s mechanics, the
accessibility of the attack vector, and the potential for meaningful impact on
confidentiality, integrity, and availability, our confidence in the severity and
exploitability of this issue is high.