CVE-2025-0073 describes a memory management flaw in Arm Ltd’s Valhall GPU Kernel
Driver and the Arm 5th Gen GPU Architecture Kernel Driver, specifically
affecting versions from r53p0 up to but not including r54p0. The vulnerability
stems from a use-after-free condition within the GPU kernel driver, where memory
previously allocated and subsequently released remains accessible through
improper GPU memory operations initiated by a local user-space process. This
flaw enables a non-privileged user to interact directly with the GPU driver and
access memory regions that should no longer be available, potentially exposing
sensitive data such as cryptographic material, user credentials, or internal
driver state. Because the vulnerability resides in kernel-level code and does
not require elevated privileges or user interaction, it presents a significant
risk profile, particularly in environments where multiple users share access to
GPU resources. Exploitation is feasible from a local context, requiring only
standard user-level access to the device, and does not depend on complex
environmental conditions or external triggers. Attackers can reliably trigger
the flaw by executing crafted GPU memory operations that exploit predictable
memory reuse patterns, making the vulnerability relatively straightforward to
leverage once access is obtained. While the impact remains confined to the
kernel’s security boundary, the consequences of unauthorized memory access
include compromise of data integrity through manipulation of kernel structures,
disruption of system availability via GPU hangs or kernel panics, and breaches
of confidentiality through exposure of residual memory contents. Real-world
exploitation scenarios may involve threat actors with physical or remote shell
access to targeted systems, such as shared compute nodes in multi-tenant
environments or compromised endpoints in enterprise networks, where GPU drivers
are actively used for acceleration tasks. Mitigation requires upgrading to
driver version r54p0 or later, which addresses the flawed memory handling logic
and ensures proper deallocation safeguards. Organizations should prioritize
patching on systems where GPU workloads are prevalent, especially in contexts
involving sensitive data processing or untrusted user access. Given the clarity
of the technical root cause, the direct path to exploitation, and the documented
impact on confidentiality, integrity, and availability, confidence in the
vulnerability’s severity and exploitability is high.