CVE-2025-1610 describes a critical vulnerability in LB-LINK AC1900 Router
firmware version 1.0.2, specifically within the endpoint where the function
improperly handles user-supplied input to the parameter, resulting in an
operating system command injection flaw. The root cause lies in insufficient
input sanitization and lack of command execution safeguards, allowing attackers
to inject arbitrary shell commands into the system's execution flow. This flaw
is remotely exploitable via standard HTTP requests without requiring physical
access, and while authentication may be necessary, even low-privileged accounts
can trigger the vulnerable code path. The attack surface is broad, as the
interface is exposed through routine administrative functions, and exploitation
does not depend on timing or environmental conditions, making it straightforward
for adversaries to craft payloads that reach the vulnerable logic. Once
exploited, the attacker can execute system-level commands, potentially gaining
unauthorized access to sensitive data, altering device configurations, or
degrading service availability through resource exhaustion or persistent
interference. The impact is confined to the router’s operating environment
unless chained with other vulnerabilities that escalate privileges or pivot into
adjacent systems. Real-world exploitation scenarios include remote compromise of
consumer or small office networks where the router is deployed, enabling
adversaries to establish persistent access, intercept traffic, or disrupt
connectivity. Public disclosure of the exploit code significantly increases the
likelihood of opportunistic attacks, especially given the vendor’s lack of
response and absence of official patches or mitigation guidance. Until a
vendor-issued fix is available, defenders are advised to restrict access to the
router’s administrative interface, apply network segmentation to isolate
vulnerable devices, and monitor for anomalous outbound traffic or command
execution patterns indicative of compromise. Given the clarity of the exploit
path, the public availability of attack tools, and the absence of mitigating
controls, confidence in the severity and exploitability of this vulnerability is
high, warranting immediate attention from network administrators and security
teams overseeing LB-LINK deployments.