CVE-2025-2010 identifies a critical SQL injection vulnerability in the JobWP
plugin for WordPress, affecting all versions up to and including 2.3.9. The flaw
resides in the plugin’s handling of the 'jobwp_upload_resume' parameter, where
user-supplied input is incorporated into SQL queries without proper sanitization
or parameterization. This oversight allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary
SQL commands by crafting malicious HTTP requests to the exposed endpoint, which
is accessible without authentication. The absence of access controls and the
plugin’s public-facing nature significantly widen the attack surface, enabling
exploitation from any internet-connected location using basic tools or automated
scripts. The attack requires no special conditions or user interaction, making
it highly feasible and low in complexity. Once exploited, adversaries can
retrieve sensitive data such as applicant names, contact details, and uploaded
resumes, and potentially enumerate or manipulate other database tables depending
on schema design and permissions. Although the vulnerability primarily
facilitates data exfiltration, the underlying injection vector also permits
unauthorized modification or deletion of records, posing a substantial threat to
data integrity. In realistic scenarios, threat actors could automate mass
harvesting of recruitment data or inject fraudulent entries into job
applications, undermining both privacy and operational trust. Mitigation
requires immediate upgrading to version 2.4.0 or later, where the vulnerable
code has been refactored to implement proper query preparation and input
validation. Administrators should also consider deploying web application
firewalls and conducting retrospective audits to identify signs of exploitation.
Given the straightforward nature of the attack, the lack of authentication
barriers, and the potential for broad data compromise, this vulnerability
warrants serious attention. Based on available technical evidence and
corroborated reference sources, confidence in the assessment is high.