CVE-2025-1609 identifies a critical vulnerability in LB-LINK’s AC1900 Router
firmware version 1.0.2, specifically within the websGetVar function exposed via
the /goform/set_cmd endpoint, where improper input validation of the cmd
parameter enables remote attackers to inject and execute arbitrary operating
system commands. The flaw stems from the absence of sanitization mechanisms in
the router’s web interface, allowing crafted HTTP requests to traverse the
normal input path and reach the vulnerable code without requiring physical
access or complex environmental conditions. Exploitation is feasible from any
location with internet connectivity, assuming the device is exposed, and does
not rely on user interaction, making it highly attractive for adversaries
seeking autonomous attack vectors. While the authentication requirements for
accessing the vulnerable endpoint remain ambiguous, the nature of the web form
suggests that either unauthenticated access or minimal privileges may suffice,
especially if the interface is misconfigured or publicly reachable. Once
exploited, the attacker gains the ability to execute system-level commands,
which can lead to unauthorized data access, manipulation of routing
configurations, installation of persistent malware, or complete service
disruption through resource exhaustion or deliberate shutdowns. The impact is
confined to the router’s operating environment, with no indication of lateral
movement or cross-boundary compromise, yet the potential for traffic
interception, DNS tampering, and credential harvesting poses serious risks to
confidentiality and integrity. The public disclosure of the exploit further
lowers the barrier to entry, increasing the likelihood of widespread abuse,
particularly in consumer or small-office deployments where patching and
monitoring may be lax. Mitigation should prioritize immediate network
segmentation to isolate vulnerable devices, disabling external access to the web
interface, and deploying firewall rules to block unsolicited traffic to the
affected endpoint. Remediation requires firmware updates from the vendor, but
given the lack of response from LB-LINK, users may need to consider replacing
the device or applying community-developed patches if available. Based on the
clarity of the technical details, the reproducibility of the exploit, and the
absence of mitigating controls, confidence in the assessment is high, and the
vulnerability should be treated as an urgent threat to operational security.