A critical vulnerability identified as CVE-2025-1536 affects the Raisecom
Multi-Service Intelligent Gateway, specifically in versions up to 20250208,
where an OS command injection flaw exists within the request parameter handler,
particularly in the file /vpn/vpn_template_style.php. This vulnerability arises
from improper handling of the input parameter "stylenum," which allows an
attacker to manipulate the input and execute arbitrary operating system commands
on the affected system. The exploitation of this vulnerability can be conducted
remotely, requiring only that the attacker has access to the component's input
interface, which does not necessitate any special physical access or elevated
privileges beyond standard user authentication. Given that the attack complexity
is low, an adversary can easily craft malicious input to trigger the
vulnerability without needing sophisticated techniques or conditions. Realistic
exploitation scenarios could involve an attacker sending specially formatted
requests to the vulnerable endpoint, leading to unauthorized command execution
that could compromise system integrity, confidentiality, and availability. For
instance, an attacker could execute commands that alter system configurations,
access sensitive data, or even disrupt service by exhausting system resources.
To mitigate this vulnerability, it is imperative for users to update to the
latest version of the software provided by Raisecom, as well as to implement
strict input validation and sanitization measures to prevent unauthorized
command execution. Additionally, monitoring and logging access to the affected
components can help in detecting potential exploitation attempts. Given the
public disclosure of this vulnerability and the lack of response from the
vendor, there is a heightened risk of exploitation in the wild, underscoring the
urgency for affected organizations to take immediate action to secure their
systems.