CVE-2025-0062 affects multiple versions of SAP BusinessObjects Business
Intelligence Platform, including ENTERPRISE 430 and ENTERPRISECLIENTTOOLS 430,
where a flaw in the Web Intelligence report rendering process permits the
injection of arbitrary JavaScript code that executes in the context of a
victim’s browser session. This vulnerability stems from improper input
sanitization during dynamic web page generation, specifically when script or
HTML execution is enabled via administrative settings in the Central Management
Console. Exploitation requires an attacker to possess authenticated access with
sufficient privileges to create or modify reports, allowing them to embed
malicious scripts into report content. Once crafted, the attacker must rely on
the victim to access the compromised report, typically via a shared link or
embedded resource, triggering client-side execution of the payload. The attack
surface is exposed remotely through standard web interfaces, and while the
exploit does not demand physical proximity or intricate timing conditions, it
does hinge on a non-default configuration that may not be universally enabled,
introducing moderate complexity. The impact is confined to the browser
environment of the victim, with no evidence of server-side compromise or
privilege escalation beyond the user’s session. Confidentiality risks include
unauthorized access to session-specific data such as report contents or tokens,
while integrity concerns involve potential manipulation of displayed
information, though these effects are transient and do not alter backend
records. Availability remains unaffected, as the exploit does not impair system
performance or accessibility. Real-world scenarios may involve insider threats
or compromised user accounts leveraging report editing capabilities to stage
phishing-style attacks or data exfiltration attempts through embedded scripts.
Mitigation should prioritize disabling script execution in the Central
Management Console unless explicitly required, coupled with rigorous input
validation and user permission audits to restrict report modification
capabilities. Organizations are advised to apply SAP’s security updates
referenced in official advisories and reinforce user awareness around suspicious
report links. Based on available technical details and platform behavior,
confidence in the exploitability and scope of impact is moderate to high,
contingent on specific deployment configurations and user privilege structures.