CVE-2025-0457 describes a command injection vulnerability in NetVision
Information’s airPASS product, specifically affecting versions 2.9.0 and 3.0.0,
where insufficient sanitization of user-supplied input allows remote attackers
with standard access privileges to execute arbitrary operating system commands.
The flaw stems from improper handling of special characters within input fields
that are passed directly to system-level command execution routines, enabling
adversaries to manipulate command structures and inject malicious payloads.
Exploitation is feasible over network interfaces without requiring physical
proximity or elevated permissions, provided the attacker can authenticate with
ordinary user credentials. The attack surface is exposed through routine input
mechanisms, and no user interaction is necessary to trigger the exploit, which
significantly lowers barriers to execution and facilitates automated or scripted
attacks. Once exploited, the vulnerability permits full command execution within
the bounds of the affected application, allowing attackers to read sensitive
files, extract configuration data, and potentially access credentials or
proprietary information, thereby posing a serious threat to confidentiality.
Integrity is also at risk, as malicious actors could alter system files, inject
persistent backdoors, or tamper with operational logic, undermining trust in the
system’s behavior. Furthermore, availability may be compromised through
destructive commands that disable services, exhaust resources, or corrupt
essential components, leading to partial or complete denial of service. The
vulnerability does not appear to extend beyond the immediate application
boundary, suggesting that its impact is confined to the compromised instance
unless chained with other flaws. Real-world exploitation scenarios could include
attackers leveraging stolen or weak credentials to access exposed airPASS
interfaces and deploy command payloads that exfiltrate data, disrupt operations,
or establish persistent access. Given the straightforward nature of the exploit
and the absence of mitigating environmental constraints, the risk profile is
elevated, particularly in environments where airPASS is deployed in externally
accessible configurations. Remediation should prioritize input validation and
command sanitization, ensuring that user-supplied data cannot influence
system-level operations without strict parsing and control. Administrators are
advised to apply vendor patches promptly, restrict network exposure of
vulnerable components, and enforce least-privilege access models to reduce the
attack surface. Based on the available technical details and consistent
indicators across multiple sources, confidence in the assessment is high, and
organizations using affected versions should treat this vulnerability as a
priority for immediate mitigation.