CVE-2025-0187 identifies a denial-of-service vulnerability in version 0.39.1 of
the Gradio application, specifically within its file upload functionality, where
improper handling of form-data containing excessively long filenames allows
remote attackers to exhaust server resources and render the service
unresponsive. The root cause lies in the application's failure to impose
reasonable constraints on filename length during multipart form-data parsing,
resulting in uncontrolled memory or CPU consumption when processing oversized
inputs. This flaw is exploitable over standard web interfaces or API endpoints
without requiring authentication or elevated privileges, making it accessible to
any external actor capable of crafting and transmitting a malicious HTTP
request. The attack requires minimal sophistication, as it does not depend on
environmental factors, user interaction, or complex logic chains; it simply
leverages predictable behavior in the server’s input handling routines. Once
triggered, the vulnerability causes a complete halt in service availability,
with no evidence of data leakage, unauthorized access, or system integrity
compromise. The impact is confined to the affected application layer, and there
is no indication of cross-component propagation or privilege escalation.
Real-world exploitation could involve repeated automated requests from a botnet
or a single actor targeting publicly exposed endpoints, potentially disrupting
services for extended periods if recovery mechanisms are not in place.
Organizations deploying Gradio in production environments—especially those
offering public-facing interfaces—should prioritize mitigation by implementing
input validation on filename lengths, applying rate-limiting controls, and
upgrading to patched versions once available. Temporary containment may include
disabling the upload feature or placing it behind authentication gates to reduce
exposure. Based on the clarity of the exploit path, the absence of mitigating
conditions, and the direct impact on service availability, this assessment is
made with high confidence.