CVE-2025-0455 identifies a critical SQL Injection vulnerability within the
airPASS product from NetVision Information, specifically impacting versions
2.9.0 and 3.0.0, which allows unauthenticated remote attackers to execute
arbitrary SQL commands. The root cause of this vulnerability lies in the
inadequate sanitization of user inputs, enabling attackers to manipulate SQL
queries sent to the backend database through exposed web interfaces or API
endpoints. This exploitation can be initiated without any prior authentication
or special conditions, making it particularly dangerous as attackers can launch
their attacks remotely over standard protocols like HTTP or HTTPS. The
simplicity of the attack, which requires only the crafting of malicious SQL
payloads, means that even those with minimal technical expertise can automate
the process, significantly increasing the likelihood of widespread exploitation.
Realistic scenarios include an attacker querying sensitive database information,
modifying records, or even deleting critical data, which can lead to severe
operational disruptions and data integrity issues. The implications of such an
attack are profound, as it could result in unauthorized access to sensitive user
data, manipulation of application data, and potential service outages, thereby
jeopardizing both data privacy and business continuity. To mitigate this
vulnerability, organizations should implement robust input validation and
parameterized queries to prevent SQL injection, alongside regular security
audits and updates to affected systems. Given the straightforward nature of the
exploitation and the potential impact on confidentiality, integrity, and
availability, confidence in the assessment of this vulnerability's severity is
high, necessitating immediate attention from affected users to safeguard their
systems against possible breaches.