CVE-2025-0528 exposes a critical command injection vulnerability in Tenda AC8,
AC10, and AC18 routers running firmware version 16.03.10.20, specifically within
the HTTP request handler tied to the /goform/telnet endpoint. The flaw stems
from improper sanitization of user-supplied input, allowing remote attackers to
inject arbitrary system commands via crafted HTTP requests. Because the
vulnerable endpoint is accessible over the network and does not require user
interaction, exploitation can be initiated without any local access or social
engineering, significantly broadening the threat landscape. The attack requires
minimal effort once the endpoint is identified, and the public availability of
exploit code further reduces barriers to execution. If the endpoint is exposed
without authentication, even unauthenticated actors can compromise affected
devices; however, if login is required, basic credentials may suffice.
Successful exploitation enables adversaries to execute commands within the
context of the deviceâ€™s operating environment, potentially granting access to
sensitive configuration data, stored credentials, or system logs, thereby posing
serious risks to confidentiality, integrity, and availability. The impact
remains confined to the device itself unless the injected commands are leveraged
to pivot into adjacent systems or services. Real-world scenarios include mass
scanning of internet-facing Tenda routers followed by automated exploitation to
enlist devices into botnets, deploy persistent backdoors, or exfiltrate
sensitive data. Mitigation requires immediate firmware updates from Tenda,
network-level restrictions to block access to the vulnerable endpoint, and
disabling remote management features where feasible. Organizations should also
monitor for anomalous outbound traffic and unauthorized telnet activity as
indicators of compromise. Given the straightforward nature of the exploit, the
absence of user interaction, and the potential for full system compromise, this
vulnerability warrants high-priority remediation. Confidence in this assessment
is strong, supported by multiple corroborating sources and the availability of
working proof-of-concept code.