CVE-2025-0101 describes a vulnerability affecting multiple WAGO industrial
control devices, including various models of the CC100, PFC100, PFC200, TP600,
and Edge Controller product lines, all running firmware version 0. The flaw
stems from an integer wraparound condition tied to the 32-bit time
representation limit, specifically when a low-privileged user sets the system
date to January 19, 2038. This action causes the internal time counter to exceed
its maximum representable value, resulting in unpredictable behavior or complete
failure of time-dependent functions both during active operation and after
reboot. The vulnerability is rooted in improper handling of time values, where
the system fails to validate or constrain user-supplied date inputs, allowing
overflow into an invalid state. Exploitation requires only standard access to
the device’s configuration interface, typically available to authenticated users
with basic permissions, and does not depend on physical proximity or complex
environmental conditions. Once the interface is accessible, the attacker can
initiate the exploit without needing further user interaction, making the attack
straightforward to execute. While the scope of impact is generally confined to
the affected device, cascading failures may occur if the compromised system
interacts with broader automation networks or backend services that rely on
synchronized time operations. In realistic scenarios, an adversary with
legitimate access—such as a disgruntled employee or an attacker leveraging
stolen credentials—could disrupt industrial processes by rendering controllers
inoperative or causing erratic behavior in scheduled tasks, alarms, or logging
mechanisms. The consequences may include degraded system availability, potential
data integrity issues if time-stamped records are corrupted, and limited risk of
information exposure depending on how the system handles error states. To
mitigate this issue, WAGO recommends updating to a patched firmware version that
enforces stricter validation of date inputs and prevents overflow conditions.
Organizations should also restrict access to configuration interfaces, monitor
for anomalous time-setting activities, and implement compensating controls such
as external time synchronization with validation checks. Based on the clarity of
the technical root cause, the straightforward attack path, and the availability
of remediation guidance, confidence in the assessment is high. However, the
actual impact may vary depending on deployment context and the criticality of
time-based operations within the affected environment.