CVE-2025-0308 identifies a critical vulnerability in the Ultimate Member plugin
for WordPress, affecting all versions up to and including 2.9.1, where improper
handling of user-supplied input in the search parameter of the member directory
component enables unauthenticated attackers to perform time-based SQL injection.
The flaw stems from inadequate escaping and lack of query preparation, allowing
malicious actors to append crafted SQL statements to existing queries and infer
database contents by measuring response delays. This vulnerability is remotely
exploitable via standard HTTP requests sent to publicly accessible endpoints,
requiring no authentication or user interaction, which significantly broadens
the attack surface and lowers the barrier to exploitation. The technique itself
is well-established and does not demand specialized conditions, though
successful execution may involve iterative tuning of payloads to elicit
measurable timing differences. Exploitation scenarios include data harvesting
campaigns where attackers extract sensitive user information such as email
addresses, hashed passwords, or membership metadata, potentially enabling
further compromise or privacy violations. While the attack does not inherently
alter or delete data, the possibility of integrity impact cannot be ruled out if
the database permissions are overly permissive. Additionally, repeated
exploitation could degrade server performance, leading to intermittent
availability issues, especially on high-traffic sites. The scope of impact
remains confined to the plugin and its associated database operations, with no
evidence of privilege escalation or cross-component compromise. Site
administrators are advised to upgrade to a patched version as soon as available,
implement robust input validation, and consider deploying web application
firewalls capable of detecting and blocking anomalous query behavior. Given the
pluginâ€™s widespread use in membership-driven WordPress sites and the ease with
which the vulnerability can be triggered, the risk profile is substantial. Our
confidence in the assessment is high, based on direct inspection of the
vulnerable code path and corroborated threat intelligence from multiple
reputable sources.