CVE-2025-0072 identifies a critical use-after-free vulnerability within the
Valhall GPU Kernel Driver and the Arm 5th Gen GPU Architecture Kernel Driver,
specifically affecting versions ranging from r29p0 to r49p3 and r50p0 to r53p0.
This flaw allows a local, non-privileged user to exploit improper memory
management, leading to potential unauthorized access to freed memory regions.
The root cause lies in the mishandling of memory allocation and deallocation
processes, where the system fails to adequately manage the lifecycle of memory
objects, enabling attackers to manipulate memory addresses that should no longer
be accessible. Exploitation can occur through standard input paths, where an
attacker can provide crafted data that triggers the vulnerable code without
needing specialized access or physical proximity to the target system. The
complexity of executing this attack is relatively low, as it does not require
intricate timing or environmental conditions; rather, it hinges on the ability
to deliver inputs that reach the vulnerable code segment. In realistic
scenarios, an attacker with basic access rights could leverage this
vulnerability to disclose sensitive information, tamper with data, or even
disrupt service availability by repeatedly invoking the flawed operations,
potentially leading to resource exhaustion. To mitigate this risk, organizations
should prioritize updating affected drivers to the latest versions, implement
strict access controls, and conduct thorough code reviews to identify and
rectify similar vulnerabilities in memory management practices. Given the nature
of the vulnerability and the potential for exploitation, there is a moderate to
high level of confidence in the assessment of its impact and the urgency of
remediation efforts.